---
title: "001 Part ROTATED-es-subtitles-TW-SpartaJusticeDrDavidMarting Truth re Cov19"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\ORG-NOTES\Social-Media-Captures\GMP\GMP\GMP-Unknown-001_Part_ROTATED-es-subtitles-TW-SpartaJusticeDrDavidMarting_Truth_re_Cov19-20230327.md"
---
[GMP-Unknown-001_Part_ROTATED-es-subtitles-TW-SpartaJusticeDrDavidMarting_Truth_re_Cov19-20230327.mp4](<file:///F:/O/ORG/Social Media Video Wisdom (ORG)/GMP/GMP/GMP-Unknown-001_Part_ROTATED-es-subtitles-TW-SpartaJusticeDrDavidMarting_Truth_re_Cov19-20230327.mp4>)

## Description


## Transcript
Release of a respiratory pathogen, and it turns out that the spike protein modification that was part of the Wuhan Institute of Virology virus 1 COV happened to do a great job of replicating and infecting human airway epithelial cells.

But here's where it gets really fun. And we're going to go ahead and just pop up to the wonderful sentence that we have here, which is using the SARS-CoV infectious clones as a template. Let's stop with that. Using SARS-CoV infectious clones. This is not a product derived from nature. This is a synthetic clone.

We designed and synthesized a full length infectious clone of WIV-1 COV. And you should ask me right now, Dave, who's the we in this conversation? Who's the we that is building an infectious clone of WIV-1 COV, including all of the terrible components that we know make it infectious? And the answer is that it is in fact the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill. And we also did it by actually adding, check this out, a SARS-Spike protein that was replaced with the Wuhan Institute of Virology virus 1 spike protein within the mouse adapted backbone of the model.

Let's stop and get this really clear. The thing that killed Americans and continues to kill Americans was engineered from an infectious clone. It's not a naturally occurring phenomenon. It was in fact something that by their own admission was engineered and not in China. It was engineered in the United States. And why are no members of Congress, why are no governors willing to have this conversation? Well, the answer is very simple. You don't get to the internal pat on the back and cash in the pocket deal that we just saw with Moderna and that we've seen for over a decade with UNC Chapel Hill if you actually investigate the real source. Because if you investigated the real source, you'd realize that NIH and NID and the National Academy of Sciences and National Institute of Health are all part of the criminal conspiracy that gave rise to this problem as evidenced by the $400 million payment I just showed you.

But let's get a little bit further into this. This is really cool. We wanted this to be replicable in human epithelial cells. We didn't want it in a mouse model. We wanted it in humans.

Next, we wanted to determine if the Wuhan Institute of Virology virus won COV replication potential in models of the human lung, previous examination of WAV1 COV recovered from bat samples demonstrated poor replication. However, replication of epidemic SARS is also poor in this cell type potentially due to the ACE2 receptor expression levels. Therefore, well differentiated primary human airway epithelial cells were infected with the Wuhan Institute of Virology virus 1, mouse adapted pathogen and WIV1 COV and SARS COV or Bay and I and SARS COV MA15. And at the time of 24 and 48 hours post-infection, both WIV1 MA15 and WIV1 COV produced robust infection in human airway epithelial cells.

And then we get the smoking gun. Then we put it in vivo. What does that mean? That means that we actually put a known infectious, manufactured clone of a known to-be harmful to human lungs into living animals. And we did it where? Not inside of the Wuhan Institute of Virology in Wuhan, China. We did it at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill in violation of all of the statutes prohibiting the work on amplifying biologic agents for the purpose of weaponizing them against humanity. These are criminal admissions of violations of 18 U.S. code and to date, not a single member of Congress, not a single attorney general, not a single prosecutor anywhere in this country, not a single governor, no one is willing to have the courage and or fortitude to actually look at the published admissions, published admissions that are right here on the page in front of you.

Now you can sit back and say, but Dave, did they really know they were doing something wrong? Well, the answer I hate to break it to you is that they did. Not only did they, they were very specific in saying what they did was actually a problem. But I want you to look very carefully at the fact that the construction of the chimeric SARS-like viruses were done in design using published sequences based on the SARS-CoV-N infectious clone. Why is that important? That's important because this was not drawn from nature. It was not sampled from nature. It was not derived from nature. This was manufactured in the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill laboratories. The synthetic and chimeric mutant full-length WIV1 was done there and approved by the UNC Institutional Biosafety Committee. That's a problem.

Let's go on to look at the other problems. We actually have in vivo infection, massive problem. But let's look at the one that I like the most. Let's read these two beautiful admissions right here: "Biosafety and biosecurity reported studies were initiated after the University of North Carolina Institutional Biosafety Committee approved the experimental protocol, project title generating infectious clones of bat SARS-like COVs, lab safety plan, et cetera, et cetera. These studies were initiated before the U.S. government deliberative process research funding caused on selected gain-of-function research involving influenza murs and SARS." That by the way, is the gain-of-function moratorium. It's just the whole length of it.