---
title: "002 (en) saturns rise maze matrix burn-in 1280x720 x264"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\ORG-NOTES\Social-Media-Captures\GMP\GMP\GMP-Unknown-002_(en)_saturns_rise_maze_matrix_burn-in_1280x720_x264-20230321.md"
---
[GMP-Unknown-002_(en)_saturns_rise_maze_matrix_burn-in_1280x720_x264-20230321.mp4](<file:///F:/O/ORG/Social Media Video Wisdom (ORG)/GMP/GMP/GMP-Unknown-002_(en)_saturns_rise_maze_matrix_burn-in_1280x720_x264-20230321.mp4>)

## Description


## Transcript
This creation, this fallen creation, this machine that runs the reality Saturn, this place, this fallen place is a result of the abuse of the knowledge that Lucifer gained from the Father. Very intelligent being created with spiritual gifting, real gifting music, complete tones, completely abused. Took the gift, ran with it and abused it, didn't invest his inheritance, didn't invest his gift in took it, ran, and that's what we're in, guys. So Lucifer is not powerful, it's just a thief.

In the beginning there was Jack and Jack had a groove. Now what does groove mean? Let's look into the word groove. So in the beginning Jack was there, we're talking of the auroboros here as well, but groove is the rhythm, also it's a pharaoh channel, depression, narrow cart, long and narrow, rabbit, and also look at this interesting, enjoy one's self, self love. So in the beginning there was Jack and Jack had a groove, and from this groove came the groove of all grooves, and while one day viciously throwing down on his box, there's your box, the the womb, the black cube, the machine, Jack boldly the same as Pandora's box, "let there be house," and house music was born. "I am, you see, I am, the creator, and this is my house, and in my house there is only house music. But I am not so selfish because once you enter my house then it becomes our house and our house music." To be honest mate, you can keep it. We're not bothered about this house anymore. We want to go to the Father's house where there is many mansions, dimensions. I guess I've got the opinion that that's what that's referring to, dimensions. Maybe in the Father's house there are many different places, I can't even begin to think what it would be like, but far far better than Jack's house for sure. And you see, no one man owns house because house music is a universal language spoken and understood by all, you know, in the world in Jack's house. You see, house is a feeling that no one can understand really unless you're deep into the vibe of house. House is an uncontrollable desire to jack your body. I wonder what these events are where they get people.