---
title: "Israeli Speaks his truth re Israel vs Palestine War hFjXd5Xk5H2wGGi6"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\ORG-NOTES\Social-Media-Captures\GMP\GMP\GMP-Unknown-Israeli_Speaks_his_truth_re_Israel_vs_Palestine_War_hFjXd5Xk5H2wGGi6-20231031.md"
---
[GMP-Unknown-Israeli_Speaks_his_truth_re_Israel_vs_Palestine_War_hFjXd5Xk5H2wGGi6-20231031.mp4](<file:///F:/O/ORG/Social Media Video Wisdom (ORG)/GMP/GMP/GMP-Unknown-Israeli_Speaks_his_truth_re_Israel_vs_Palestine_War_hFjXd5Xk5H2wGGi6-20231031.mp4>)

## Description


## Transcript
Shalom. I want you to know before that I start the video that what I'm about to say is very controversial. So if you don't have an open mind about what's going on in Israel right now and you don't want to hear something in my rattle your preconceived notions a little bit, I suggest you turn off this video right now. I'll wait. Okay, if you're still with me, that shows that you're open into listening to some facts and a timeline that points to a very disturbing conclusion. This isn't a video I want to make, and it's something that pains me. I had a lot of inner dilemmas whether or not I should do I should do this video, but I feel like nowadays truth and transparency is so important that I feel I should share it with you.

So we're all trying to make sense of what happened on October 7th, which is Shminiyatsarit, some call it Simkotura, when we all know Ghazans came in and basically slaughtered a thousand Israelis and kidnapped a bunch, all in the matter of about seven hours. So what I want to do is reverse engineer this thing a little bit to kind of help you understand why I believe that this was an inside job.

First of all, we'll start with September. By the way, everything I'm about to say, everything I'm about to say will be backed up with actual links to news articles or video footage, and if you want any of any of my sources, I'm happy to give them. September 1st, the Israeli government confiscated the weapons of the security teams in the Ghazabelt communities. This was done against the will of those security teams in the Ghazabelt communities. Why that happened? Nobody knows.

Fast forward to September 10th. On September 10th, the Moetsal, which is basically the municipalities of the Ghazabelt communities, received reports. They received reports. These are civilians received reports of increased tensions on the border of Gaza during the Jewish holidays, which of course spanned from Moshe Shana'ayyum Kippur and Shminyat Sarat, which was on Saturday. Those same heads of municipalities asked the army if they should cancel their festivities in light of the warnings of increased tensions on the border of Gaza. And what did the army say? They said, "No. Don't cancel anything. It appears as though we're heading into a state of calm." By the way, all links I will share as soon as I have a chance to comment on this.

Now, you can assume that the Shabbat did not know about this attack, but that's highly improbable. I mean, Israel is probably the most advanced surveillance state in the world, and the Gaza border is probably the most heavily surveilled, and the Shabbat who somehow knew how about a guy who had corona in a toy store and tracked him all the way to a soccer stadium during the days of corona, somehow didn't who somehow didn't know about this massive attack planned by thousands of random cousins on pickup trucks and hang gliders. Are you serious? Are you really at stupid? Do you really believe that? Because if you do, I have a bridge to sell you.

Anyways, so then there's the theory that the they're called in Hebrew Tutspi-Tonot, which is basically the command and control center. These are the people, mostly females, who observe who's tasked with observing the Gaza border fence. They say there's a theory that says that they were hacked or that they conquered the or that they blew it up before they could they blew up the equipment that surveilled. Well, that's BS, because there's actual video footage that are also share with you of those same command control center operators reporting on the breach of the fence. The fence was breached in 15 different locations, and you want to tell me that the most highly advanced surveillance equipment on arguably any border in the world didn't pick that up, didn't report it? Well, they did, and it's documented, so don't believe that lie.

Now, once thousands of cousins on pickup trucks and hang gliders invaded Israel, which apparently nobody knew about? Right? Okay, you believe that? Which apparently no one knew about, they had seven hours to kill everyone in their path, completely destroy Kibbutzim, not only that, take hostages back to Gaza unscathed, unopposed. Now, there are people who say, "Well, a bunch of battalions removed from Gaza over to Judea and Samaria." First of all, that's BS. Second of, okay, so what if they did? Do you know how long it takes an attack helicopter to get activated and blow up any one of those tractors or pickup trucks or hang gliders that invaded Israel? Less than five minutes. And I know every I know all these things firsthand because I served on the Gaza border. Less than five minutes. It all could have been over from 7:01 a.m. on October what was it, 6 or 7th on Saturday? I believe was October 7th. It could have been a five minute, it could have been a matter of five minutes before the whole thing was upended, and instead they had seven hours, possibly eight, to conquer Kibbutzim, kill thousands, and bring back hostages alive, unopposed.

And there's many people say, "Oh, well this was just a breach." No, that's not a breach. I'm sorry, that's not a fucking breach. That's an inside job. And if it's not an inside job, well then that's even worse, because that means that the IDF is the most incompetent military that ever walked the face of the earth, and now we're supposed to trust these people to invade Gaza? They're calling up thousands of reservists to invade Gaza under the command of a military that a didn't see this coming and b is too incompetent to react to a bunch of pickup trucks with AK-47s invading Israel. You tell me which outcome is worse. What's worse? That it was an inside job, or that the Israeli army is really this incompetent? Which one is scarier? You tell me, you tell me if you trust this same military to send in thousands of incredible Jewish souls dying to fight for this land into Gaza. And no matter how high the morale is, and it's high, and these are these are brave warriors, but none of it matters if the people calling.

The shots are the same people who allowed the Gaza militia to invade Israel's borders, kill thousands, take back hostages, completely unopposed. Like I said, this is not a video I wanted to do. This is not something. And oh, by the way, now America is coming with aid. Do you really think Israel needs American aid to fight Gaza? Gaza, their most elite force, their air force is hang gliders, and their ground troops are pickup trucks. They don't even have a tank. And we need American aid to... Israel needs American aid to fight them? Are you fucking serious? You don't think that there's anything fishy going on here? You really trust the IDF to send in all these reservists into Gaza? The same people who A didn't see this coming? Or the alternative, which is much worse: they're so incompetent they can't even handle a couple of pickup trucks and hang gliders invading their border, killing thousands, taking hostages for seven hours practically unopposed and able to go back.