---
title: "post 1743"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\June\post_1743.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:30:54.189217
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M--a-y---3--0,---20---1-----9-----
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
WORST? Let's ponder all the COINCIDENCE this word has:
- Coincidently "worst" is a word used in both news & weather reports to describe ppl & weather things now manifesting ww that are so horrible it's always accompanied by "death" tolls. 
- Coincidently "worst" is a biblical word, but only ever used once in Ezekiel 7:24←OldTestament (now accounted bwd). 
- 
Concidently it's "time past"←BC, opposite of AD→fwd. Hebrews 1:1,2 clarifies it's not what God has spoken to us. 
- Coincidently Ezekiel, as a prophet of OT LORD(Yehovah), is many times called "Son of man"; And in NT John 3:14 "Son of man" calls himself "serpent"; And in Revelation 1:10-12 it's "one like Son of man" John "turned" back to, "behind" him.
- Coincidently both news & weather only began reporting such "worst" scenarios + death tolls, ww, after Y2Ks; And 
- Coincidently that's when (after Y2Ks) leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law' (not grace) is NWO; And 
- Coincidently "law worketh wrath" (Romans 4:15), is what God has not appointed us to (1Thessalonians 5:9).  
- Coincidently "death" tolls of little chilidren in Ye-men, by war, famine, disease, is called "worst" humanitarian "crisis"; And in 1John 4:17 word "judgment" in greek is 'krisis'; And in 1John, to "little children", theme is keep the commandments (laws). 
Lots more re coincidence, but the quandry is this: 
If "worst" was bwd OT←BC & it's now AD→goes fwd only; 
How & Why are "worst" things manifesting in AD since Y2Ks?
One reason could be:
modern bibles remove Christ from the end in Rev 22:21, and remove Christ (end of law, Saviour of the world) gives place to bwd←BC; As if to continue f-law drama for the hell of it.
FYI: Ezekeiel 7:24,25 said:
24 Wherefore I (aka LORD=Yehovah) will bring the "worst" of the heathen, and they shall possess their houses: I will also make the pomp of the strong to cease; and their holy places shall be defiled.
25 Destruction cometh; and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none.
Good news is: Also since Y2Ks ppl ww have been reporting an awakening, and now perceive such "worst" scenarios as being the ill side of ill-u-sion, also neither side as our reality.
The  grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen

