---
title: "post 0972"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\November\post_0972.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T21:51:23.354379
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Readers: which is worst version of many? Perhaps NIV. Why? Here's a few reasons; And FYI, aka your awareness sake:
- NIV removes "Christ" from TheEnd to ENDure unto: Rev 22:21. That's like removing the "Saviour of the world".
- NIV changes "Jesus Christ" to Christ Jesus in Philippians 1:6, which is then FALSE. Christ Jesus is begin, not completion, of the work. 
- NIV changes charity to love, to then say, in 1Cor 13:8, love never 
fails, even though it says love of many shall wax cold in Mt 24:12.
- NIV changes Holy Ghost to Holy Spirit, thereby adding confusion; For two Comforters in John 14:26 & 15:26 should be contrasted.
- NIV traces to HarperColins, publisher of the Satanic Bible, and to  Robert Murdoch's News Corp, publisher of atheist Richard Dawkins.
So then, what's the best version? It's still the KJV (not NKJV). It's translated by learned men who noted it's preposterous order to teach or preach first and learn after it was only 'gnosis' knowledge, rather than 'epignosis' knowledge God will have all come unto. Such translators were neither Roman Catholic nor Protestant. Their goal was to make God's holy truth more known, not keep people in darkness, like both Roman Catholics vs Protestants still do today.

