---
title: "post 2554"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\October\post_2554.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2022
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:09:50.138663
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

DEATH TOLLS in News, Weather, Medicine, Sports ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Seems DEATH TOLLS actively began getting mentioned after Y2Ks. Seems this coincided with modern bibles having by then removed the word "Christ" from their end (Revelation 22:21). 
Then 
came the 9/11 DEATH TOLL, followed by daily mentions of DEATH TOLLS around the world in both news & weather.
Today it was 125 dead in a soccer riot & stampede: more than double the DEATH TOLL (47) of a deadly Hurricane Ian in Florida.
Seems DEATH TOLLS are now compared & noted for "WORST" scenarios in both news & weather, now also dis-ease & sports. ODD thing about such is the word "worst" only bible occurs once, way back in Old Testament Ezekiel 7:24 ← BC. So mention of a "worst" scenario implies a biblical backward trend to Before Christ.
worst ← worse ← bad ←BC/AD→ good → better → best
Hundreds of thousands have died in Yemen, called the "worst" humanitarian scenario recorded, even killing thousands of children. Such is due to war, causing also death by famine & disease.
The pandemic has recorded DEATH TOLLS by the millions.
Worst flood in Pakistan, 1/3 of country under water, only killed about 1500, so far. 
Seems now you cannot turn on news or weather without hearing of DEATH TOLLS. 
Talk of WEF has projected DEATH TOLLS of billions.
What are your opinions & insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

