---
title: "post 1943"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\April\post_1943.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:23:53.085238
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Gospel: according to John -or- Paul: Which is much more ONEness?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
In John 1:1-18 notice John used "was" a dozen times, until noting the law "was" given by Moses, [but] "grace and truth came by Jesus Christ": 1:17, then 1:18 uses "is" for the only begotten Son being in the bosom of the Father. Hmmm.
It's 
also interesting to notice the gospel 'according to John' is the only 1 of 4 accounts that uses a double "Verily, verily".
Hmmm.
Perhaps it's allegory as if like first double "Amen, amen" (to both Blessed, cursed) or allegory like in Lk 8:24 disciples still called Jesus (double) "Master, master"; As if he's being two masters, but in a twain mode of Big, little (Spirit, spirit). 
Hmmm. 
Seems in Jn 5:25-29 Jesus revealed, about himself, that when still 2 Sons: NT Son of God→&←OT Son of man, he still had 2 contrary voices, saying both "live"→&←"judgment also".
OMG.
Seems in Jn 6:62,63, as also Son of man, says his (plural) words[rhema, not logos], are (little) spirit and life. Hmmm.
Also interesting to notice: is no mention of mercy in John. Hmmm.
Notice such, by Spirit, helped me focus beyond John's account to see, by search, in Romans→fwd, NO Son of man, ONLY Son of God, and then called gospel of "Christ", of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ" as then "the end of the law"; So then 
only "Grace" to you, thereby only "peace", from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ. 
Seems much more like "one" JC prayed Father for in Jn 17:11. I like how Paul uses the phrase "much more".
Interesting "mystery" details to notice for our awareness sake.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

