---
title: "post 1755"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\June\post_1755.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:32:25.572462
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ---M--ay--1---6-----,--2-0-------19
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
TIME ALLEGORY: 1day=1000yrs=1day: Ps 90:4 & 2Pet 3:8.
Interesting how it may apply unto Lk 13:32 & Y2Ks & Rev.
Psalm 90:4
For a thousand years in thy sight are but as yesterday when it is past, and as a watch in the night.
2Peter 3:8
But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.
Luke 13:32 (perhaps portrays perfected comes after Y2Ks):
And he said unto them, Go ye, and tell that fox, Behold, I cast out devils, and I do cures to day (1000yrs) and to morrow (1000yrs), and the third [day] I shall be perfected.
Hosea 6:2 (noted revive & awareness up-rise is after 2 days):
After two days will he revive us: in the third day he will raise us up, and we shall live in his sight.
Y2Ks (as if 2 millennial "last days" of AD)
False Y2K had a June 1996←Dec 1999 countdown of 42 months (noted Rev 11:2 & 13:5) until it did not happen; To then end Y2Ks with a computer fix; Because there is no zero between 1BC & AD1, so proper end of Y2Ks was Dec 2000. 
After Y2Ks ppl began saying they seemed as if awake-end.
After Y2Ks leaders of nations also began saying 'rule of law' (not grace, mercy, peace); As if deceived, like in 
Revelation 20:7,8:
And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his prison, And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea.
After Y2Ks news & weather began reporting "worst"←OT scenarios, as if some BC←AD time reversal happened.
2Peter 2:22 says
But it is happened unto them according to the true proverb, The dog is turned to his own vomit again; and the sow that was washed to her wallowing in the mire.
Interesting "mystery" stuff, to sort out ill-u-sion from reality.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] "with" you "all". Amen.

