---
title: "post 0714"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\February\post_0714.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T17:46:02.274840
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

A Problem I have with 2SonsJesus and with 1John 4:
Both seem to end their twain things with a bad ending.
Eg: 1John 4 begins with this advice: "believe not every spirit"; then goes on to note these two (twain) kinds of spirit: 
"spirit of truth and spirit of error". 
Problem I have with 1John 4's twain is end of such = error.
Same problem occurs in Matthew 12:30-37 where twain things of 2SonsJesus (Son of God + Son of man) end badly. Eg: 
- with or against... ends against
- gather or scatter... ends scatter
- forgiven or unforgiven... ends unforgiven
- tree fruit: good or corrupt... ends corrupt
- man: good and evil... ends evil (reverse of live)
- justified and condemned... ends condemned
So to me, it's still law = "both good and evil" = bad end; kinda like both truth + lie of 2SonsJesus as Son of God + Son of man. For God cannot lie, is like allegory saying Grace cannot law.
Seems why John 1:17 contrasted law & grace as if lie & truth, but notably in proper order, to end with grace, truth thereof; came by JC (not CJ), sent from "the only true God": "the God of all grace", so by all grace = no law we'd end guided into all truth = no lie. 
Also seems why Romans 3:4 says "let God be true, but every ('anthropos') man a liar". So thereby:
- Son of man='anthropos' = liar. It explains why, in Revelation, when John "turned" to what was "behind" (aka one like Son of man) it resulted in what I call the best of spam... till the end.
- CJ: mediator man='anthropos' = liar. It explains why Paul (apostle of GraceToU & peace) told bewitched churches of Galatia "a mediator is not of one, but God is one"; And why Paul turns CJ around to JC in Hebrews to also end that 14th epistle (written as if a mini bible itself) with "Grace". 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

