---
title: "post 2388"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\April\post_2388.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2022
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:49:48.007816
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

What days were the LAST SUPPER & the CRUCIFIXION days
During Passover Week: Palm Sunday to Resurrection Sunday??
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Seems LAST SUPPER was Tuesday (Not Maundy Thursday); As CRUCIFIXION was Wednesday: 1st preparation day of 2 for 1st sabbath of 2 sabbaths this particular Passover week (not Good Friday, as many still teach in many churches):
- Wednesday was "preparation" day for annual high sabbath.
- Friday was also a preparation day for their weekly sabbath.
Seems to fulfill scriptures the crucifixion was at exact time a Passover lamb killed & prepared, annually, and a high priest took the blood beyond the 2nd veil, with a rope tied to his leg, to drag him out if he died. 
But 
Jesus, as new high priest of law, did it once, for all, to end such. 
Yet churches still want a Friday crucifixion, to have weekly blood shed; When annual blood shed was too much, let alone weekly. 
Details re "preparation" day (for annual Passover sabbath):
- Mt 27:62 reveals chief priests & Pharisees came to Pilate the day the day that followed the day of "preparation" to request the tomb be guarded, to assure the body couldn't be stolen & a resurrection claimed.
- Mk 15:42 notes it was "preparation" day before the (annual) sabbath when Joseph of Arimathaea requested the body to bury.
- Lk 23:54 says it was "preparation" day he took it down, wrapped it in linen, laid it in a sepulcher.
- Jn 19:14 reveals it was "preparation of the passover", not preparation day for their weekly sabbath
- Jn 19:31 reveals thIS (passover) sabbath following "preparation" was an "high day", and Jews wanted bodies down before sabbath began (at evening), because of their law in Deuteronomy 21:23 notes if anyone hanged, the body should not remain on the tree overnight.
- Jn 19:42 again reveals they put the body in the tomb because of the Jews' "preparation" [day].
So that info seems to infer the last supper would have occurred on Tuesday, and crucifixion would have occurred on Wednesday called "preparation" day for the annual passover sabbath.
Mk 16:1 reveals two Marys bought spices for anointing after the (passover) sabbath, which would be on the Friday, since everything closed on Thursday sabbath & on Saturday sabbath.
Lk 23:55,56 & Lk 24:1 reveal two Marys watched the body entombed (Wed), then returned & prepared the spices they'd bought (on Friday), then rested on the weekly sabbath (Saturday), then came back to the tomb with prepared burial spices early Sunday morning (before sun rise). But then the body was already gone, so they never got to do their spices anointing thing.
So it may not be correct to ass-u-me crucifixion occurred on Good Friday nor last supper occurred on Maundy Thursday as many are still erroneously taught in many churches. 
Seems unknown to many Christians that there were 2 sabbaths the week of crucifixion. 
1st of 2sabbaths was an annual sabbath (Passover: Pesach: also called hag hamatzot: an annual eight day Jewish spring festival of unleavened bread), called an "high (holy) day" which occurred Thursday of crucifixion week. 
2nd of 2 sabbaths was their weekly sabbath, which occurred on Saturday (every week). 
Seems neither of twain sabbaths may be the eternal Sabbath rest Jesus said Father & Son both work "hitherto", noted in John 5:17.
What are your insights about such things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

