---
title: "post 2280"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\December\post_2280.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2021
comments: 4
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:17:34.507349
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

CHRISTMAS? 
What may we learn by investigate? 
Clarity: Not speak against Nor for; Only some things to ponder.
Grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father and our Lord Jesus Christ.
DECORATED TREE? Jeremiah 10 calls it a vain, brutish, foolish Babylonian custom: a (2400 year old) doctrine of vanities. 
BIRTH TIME OF CHRIST? Seems study of biblical & historical data can reveal birth was at Sukkot (9 months later than Dec 25); So Christmas time would be a conception time, not a birth time. 
THREE WISE MEN (magi) VISIT BABE IN MANGER? Pageants portray such; Yet seems Bible notes only the shepherds visited "babe" in manger, but enough magi (perhaps Babylonian Jews) to stir up "all of Jerusalem", are noted they visited the "child" (toddler) at the "house"  in Nazareth, not the "babe" in manger at Bethlehem.
SHEPHERDS ABIDING FLOCKS IN FIELD BY NIGHT (Luke 2:8)? Seems it's too cold at Christmas in Israel; flocks would be in sheep holds.
ON EARTH PEACE (Luke 2:14)? Seems "Jesus" (made under law) said "Nay" to give or send "peace on earth", rather "sword" & "division": Mt 10:34 & Lk 12:51. So John 7:43; 9:16; 10:19 say "division" (not peace), and "because of him" (not because of Christ = our peace).
Seems even a risen "Jesus" of Nazareth still "upbraided" & "damned" in Mk 16:6-16; Only said "Peace" later in Lk 24 & Jn 20, after re-ascended (Mk 16:19) to right hand of God. As "Christ", in gospel of "Christ" through Jesus → Christ,  he's our "peace", yet only after abolish enmity: law of twain with-in him: Eph 2:13-15.
NICEST TIME OF YEAR? It may be for some, but not all. Police and Newspaper records reveal Christmas season has more shop lifting, domestic feuds, drunk drivers, bad weather, accidents, depressions, suicides, debt incursion, etc than any other time of the year.
MAKE MERRY & SEND GIFTS? Seems Revelation 11:10 mentions such, but in an apocalypse scenario, after Rev 6:4 takes away peace.
SANTA CLAUSE, ELVES, FLYING REINDEER? Seems more like adult fables, myths, lies to children than like grace & truth or true reality. 
Question: Is it ok to lie to children, or even to one another?
REASON FOR SEASON? 
What are your thoughts & insights about such things?
Clarity: Again, not shared to speak against nor for Christmas; Only to mention things we may investigate & ponder & discuss. 
If you do Christmas, fine, or if you don't, fine.  
For me: After investigation, I don't; But I do not criticize any who do,  nor do I encourage any Christmas wars.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

