---
title: "post 1324"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\December\post_1324.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:43:28.261615
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

POINT? Seems the "learning" point of NT is this: 
God's Grace does not want to behavioural comannd us (like law does); But rather aware us with truth until we no longer need law commanding like a child=servant noted in Galatians 4:1-4. Hmmm...
Seems to allegory refer to Jesus, when made "under the law", even noted he was being "commanded", and thereby still (CJ=servant: Phil 2:5-11) served commands (laws); 
Albeit... 
"change of the law" (Mt 5:43,44... Heb 7:12), from OT law to NT better law = still law; So even though better speak, still not [yet] pure Grace (higher freedom from all laws).
So 
Paul notes in Gal 4:6,7 God sent "Spirit" of "Son" (not 2SonsJesus) into hearts(plural) to help child=servant (know not in John 15:15) be "no more a servant (aka no more a child), but a son" (not sons).
Then...
after Gal 4:22-26 noting 2 sons of Abraham by 2 mothers ARE 2 covenants, which things(plural) are "allegory", And explaining Agar = Mt Sinai in Arabia, but Jerusalem above = free = mother of us all, and we are to be children of promise, then...
also asks: Nevertheless, what saith the script-u-are?
"Cast out the bond-woman and her son". Also allegory:
meaning cast out OT law, and result: sin and death.
Yet it still leaves us as "children", still only free of OT law. So...
Gal 5 goes on to note IF "led of the Spirit" = "not under the law", and notes 9 fruit of the Spirit, which only begins with love (1st fruit), but goes on unto 9th fruit = temperance = self-control = no law (no more need to be child=servant commanded by laws when self-control). Yet...
in 2Peter 1:5-11 KJV, even "temperance" achieved in Gal 5:23 is still only 3rd of 7 things to "add to your faith" to thereby make your election sure; For even "brotherly kindness" still has some blindness, Until topped off with "charity" (more than love), as if to then end all blindeness, so then never fall (like "charity never faileth" in 1Cor 13 KJV).
It's why I like KJV, for the allegory of ManUp, like the "blessed" UpGrade in Rom 4:7,8 KJV, from Diaper blessed = still a cover up, to Man blessed = no sin even imputed, neither to forgive nor cover up. 
Seems why
"charity" is put on above forgiving in Col 3:14 KJV.

