---
title: "post 3473"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\August\post_3473.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2024
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T22:28:12.838476
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -Aug-u-st-------12-,--------2-0--2---------4
---

## Content

New COVENANT & New TESTAMENT distinction in KJV:
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Title:
The 
NEW TESTAMENT of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.
note: 
KJV uses both "covenant" & "testament" for Greek word 'diatheke' as if to clarify some difference.
Matthew 26:27,28 KJV
And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and gave it to them, saying, Drink ye all of it; For this is my blood of the new TESTAMENT, which is shed for many for the remission of sins.
Hebrews 7:22 KJV
By so much was Jesus made a surety of a better TESTAMENT.
Hebrews 8:6 KJV
But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much ALSO he is the mediator of a better COVENANT*, which was established upon better promises.
*note:
both old/new covenants are of Old Testament "LORD" [Yehova], which DIFFERS from "God".
Hebrews 9:15,16,17 KJV
And for this cause he is the mediator of the new TESTAMENT, that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance.
For where a testament is, there must also of necessity be the death of the testator.
For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is of no strength at all while the testator liveth.
What are your insights about "covenant" & "testament"?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

