---
title: "post 2950"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\August\post_2950.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T11:54:26.502538
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

NOAH'S ARK STORY REVEALS
God [Elohim] & LORD [Yehova] DIFFER,
Not only in name, but in commands to Noah:
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Let's all re-read Noah's Ark Story: Genesis 6 - 9, to NOTICE this:
God [Elohim] and LORD [Yehova] DIFFER, 
not only in name, but in contrary commands to Noah:
- God[Elohim] said two: male & female: Gen 6:19.
- LORD[Yehova] said clean by sevens & unclean by two: Gen 7:2.
NOTE: God[Elohim] did NOT see any unclean; LORD[Yehova] did.
Gen 8:20 notes Noah offered/sacrificed clean beasts to the LORD.
So then, re-populate earth would be with the unclean, not clean.
- Noah did all that God[Elohim] commanded: Gen 6:22.
- Noah also did all that LORD[Yehova] commanded: Gen 7:5.
NOTE: that would be 7 + 2 = nine (not two), male & female;
for God[Elohim] two=clean, but for LORD[Yehova] two=unclean.
- Gen 7:16 notes male & female went in, "AS God[Elohim] commanded".
- Gen 7:16 notes the LORD[Yehova] shut him in.
NOTE: the story notes God[Elohim] & LORD[Yehova] DIFFER.
Old Testament has over 6,000 mentions of LORD[Yehova], most being good, but these verses portray LORD as bad:
Isaiah 13:6,9; Isaiah 45:7; Jeremiah 23:39; Amos 5:18; Jude 1:5
- day of the LORD is darkness, not light (aka law, not grace).
- day of God [Elohim/Theos] is light having no darkness at all.
"God of all grace" (would have no law at all). 
- Jude 1:5 reminds OT LORD both saved & destroyed: bad end.
So,
- Jude 1:25 concludes "the only wise God" is "God our Saviour".
note: 1Tim 2:3,4 notes "God our Saviour" both saves & truths all.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

