---
title: "post 1772"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\July\post_1772.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:37:08.762961
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

God forbid?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Interesting OT term "God forbid" got NT used in Luke 20:16 by priests & scribes in response to a "destroy" them parable Jesus Lk 20-9-15 gave while in law temple. Then Paul uses "God forbid" 14 times, yet never beyond Gal 6:14. Perhaps... 
Paul uses "God forbid" to allegory portray it as Law forbids (Don't-eronomy), and in Rom 7:8-24 notes law forbids 
also had a "concupiscence" aspect, made him desire & do things forbidden, then made him feel PTSD "wretched". For... 
As Paul of Saul/Paul, but still in law mode (both good & evil), even when he'd think to do "good" of law, then "evil" of law was still present. Seems why in Rom 7:6 he'd said But now "we are delivered from the law"; As deliverance needed from both the "good" & "evil" of law, which still had  law's "evil concupiscence" attached to the good of law: Col 3:5). Eg:
In Rom 11:22, he allegory portrays if behold God as Law, then even goodness(chrestoes) of LawGod was conditional ("if"), and always had "severity" attached if not always 100% good. Seems severity was chasten & scourge in Heb 12:6. Ouch.
Seems God forbid (allegory Law forbid) as if foolish parent makes a law for child: Don't touch the hot stove; But forbid (Don't), if reason not explained instead, may concupiscence cause child to desire & do what's fobidden, then get burned.
So, Paul's message is 
Grace to you, yet not as a commandment (like law), but as truth awareness till law forbid (has harmful "concupiscence") is put away, and so nobody does harm or gets harmed.
Sadly churches don't explain "God forbid" was OT law, Nor that evil "concupiscence" of law can still take law believers into "captivity" & make them both desire & do awful things; As why there's mass shootings & PTSD among soldiers & police, now spreading to law teachers & to suicidal teenagers.
Not shared to speak against any, but for awareness sake.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

