---
title: "post 2467"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\July\post_2467.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2022
comments: 11
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T15:11:17.549438
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Hebrews 10:14 KJV? 
"For by one offering he (JC, not CJ) hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified". 
WHY a "Christ Jesus" turn around to "Jesus Christ" in Hebrews 10?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
In 
Hebrews 3:1 it's first talking, to Hebrews, about "Christ Jesus" as being our (new) "High Priest"; 
BUT it's only until Hebrews 10. 
It then talks of "Jesus Christ" (not "Christ Jesus") in Heb 10 - 13.
So why a turn around, from "Christ Jesus" to "Jesus Christ"? 
And what's the "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" difference?
Christ Jesus was new High Priest of law, mediator of new covenant of an OT LORD (not God) promised them (Israel) in Jeremiah 31:31.
BUT 
"God" has not spoken to "us" by "prophets": Heb 1:1,2. 
So we not only have a CJ & JC difference to sort out, 
but also a "LORD" & "God" difference to sort out. 
Both differences can be shocking to consider. It was for me.
In Heb 10:7-10 it clarifies JC came to do the "will" of "God" (not LORD), which is "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice": (noted in Mt 9:13; Mt 12:7; from Ps 40:6; Ps 51:16; Hos 6:6); And as being allegory, to go "learn" what it (allegory) "means". 
Seems it allegory means "God" will have grace, and not law. 
Why? 
Heb 10:8 notes the OT offerings, for sin, were "by the law". 
In Gal 3:11 it's "evident" no man is justified "by the law". 
So 
Heb 10:9 says he taketh away the first (aka the law), 
that he may establish the second (aka the grace). 
For Heb 10:1 clarified the law can NEVER make any perfect.
Yet Heb 10:14 notes even "them" somehow got "perfected". 
How?
It's not by the law, nor even by a new covenant of OT LORD, but by grace of God that we/all are sanctified through the offering of the body of "Jesus Christ", which is "once and for all': Heb 10:10. 
So...
In Heb 10:14 it's the perfecting grace of "Jesus Christ": once and for "all" in Heb 10:10, which also applies to "them" (of them/us), such that by "one offering" he (JC) hath "perfected" for ever "them" he "sanctified". 
Seems as CJ, he only first sanctified them, but then 
as JC he also "perfected" them, after sanctifying them.
Seems CJ only mediated better law of "better covenant";
But John 1:17 noted grace and truth came by JC (not CJ).
So Heb 13:8 notes (of CJ & JC used in Hebrews) only 
"Jesus Christ" is the same yester-day, and to-day, and for ever.
(seems such cannot be said about CJ, only about JC)
It's why Hebrews ends with "Grace be with you all. Amen".

