---
title: "post 3064"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\November\post_3064.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2023
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:55:30.788233
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ"?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Have you ever noticed, and/or considered, that the biblical term "Christ Jesus" only occurs from Acts 19:4 to 1Peter 5:14 (Not before nor after); And only occurs by Paul and 1Peter.
As 
if in allegory contrast,
the biblical term "Jesus Christ" occurs 3x more, from Matthew 1:1 to Revelation 22:21 KJV; And occurs by all New Testament writers.
It's The New Testament Of Our Lord And Saviour "Jesus Christ".
1Timothy 1:15 notes "Christ Jesus" came into the world to save sinners (an acceptable saying); 
BUT 
there is no mention of "Saviour" concerning "Christ Jesus", a term only used for "Jesus Christ", even though both are called Lord.
John 1:17 & John 17:3 note grace and truth came by "Jesus Christ", sent from "the only true God".
1Corinthians 1:4 notes grace given them in "Christ Jesus" is given by "Jesus Christ".
So,
Romans 8:1 notes there is therefore now no condemnation to them in "Christ Jesus"; BUT 
2Timothy 3:12 notes all that will live (small g) godly in "Christ Jesus" shall suffer persecution.
Perhaps it is why Paul uses both "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ", but always 1st clarifies he's an apostle of "Jesus Christ", and always turns his mention of "Christ Jesus" around to "Jesus Christ" in all his epistles, even in Hebrews.
As for victory, let's notice
1Cor 15 57 KJV says:
But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord "Jesus Christ".
As for reconciled, 
2Cor 5:18 KJV says:
And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by "Jesus Christ", and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation;
Philippians 2:5-11 KJV uses both "Christ Jesus" and "Jesus Christ"; Yet ends with every tongue should confess that "Jesus Christ" is Lord to the glory of God the Father.
I've noticed some modern bibles have changed "Jesus Christ" to "Christ Jesus" in some verses.
interesting mystery details to notice, ponder, discuss.
THE END to endure unto is the salutation of Paul (not John), and written by Paul's "own hand" as noted in 2Thessalonians 3:17,18 about Revelation 22:21 KJV:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ (be) with you all. Amen.

