---
title: "post 3206"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3206.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:09:04.457834
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Who Wrote Book of Revelation?
Some Bible evidence it was Paul, not John.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
First, let's admit "John" is mentioned 5x, and what John wrote to 7 angels of 7 churches is included in book called Revelation. So, it is easy to ass-u-me John is author. But let's also investigate evidence Paul may have authored and sign-ified it; Perhaps as a spoof on John got "turned" to what's "behind" him.
The End: 
Revelation 22:21 KJV 
- is NEVER the salutation of John.
- is ONLY the grace salutation of Paul, written by his "own hand", which Paul had noted thrice in his epistles.
Eg:
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 22:21 KJV
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Note: 
seems to reveal Paul hand sign-ified it, as noted in Rev 1:1.
The Title: in official Authorized KJV (pre 1900):
- is NOT The Revelation of Jesus Christ.
- is OFFICIALLY "The Revelation of St John The Divine"
(allegory means it's not by John, but about John thought divine).
Note:
John NEVER uses the word "revelation" in any of his writings.
Paul USES the word "revelation" 11x in his epistles.
First Verse: 
"The Revelation of Jesus Christ" is NEVER in John's writings.
But is in Paul's writing: 
Galatians 1:11,12 KJV:
But I certify you, brethren, that the gospel which was preached of me is not after man. For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by "the revelation of Jesus Christ".
Note:
seems the Revelation of "Jesus Christ" is in Paul's epistles.
Title & First Verse reveal TWO Revelations to compare:
- Title: The Revelation of St John The Divine.
- 1st Verse: The Revelation of Jesus Christ.
As if for compare-i-son of who's got what it takes to be Divine.
First Verse:
"and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John" reveals John is neither the sender nor the sign-ifier. 
Note: seems Paul is sign-ifier, based on Rev 1:1 & Rev 22:21 KJV.
unto "his servant John": Rev 1:1?
John would NOT call himself "servant" [doulos], because he recorded this in John 15:15 KJV:
Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known unto you.
Rev 1:4 KJV:
John's greeting to seven churches is NOT from "God our Father" as in Paul's epistles, 
But,
"from him which is, and which WAS, and which is to come".
Note:
God our Father is NEVER a WAS, but eternally always IS.
So, Paul asked churches of Galatia: "Who" bewitched you?
Rev 1:10,12 KJV: John got "turned" to what's "behind" him.
2Peter 2:22 KJV says it "happened" as a dog "turned" to his vomit.
Note:
seems to allegory portray John got "turned" back to the law (claiming to be first and last), then used it to bewitch churches which Paul and seven (named in Acts 20:4) established in grace.
Rev 1:13 & 14:14 KJV
John said what he saw (behind him) was "one like unto Son of man" (noted in OT Daniel 7:13); 
But,
there is NO mention of Son of man in Romans → forward for the gospel of Christ (through Jesus → Christ) in Paul's Epistles, 
then 
ONLY "Son of God" for mentions of Jesus Christ = the end of the law for righteousness.
Rev 2 & 3 KJV:
Seven times, after each writing to 7 angels (named in Acts 20:4) of 7 churches in Asia (Asia minor, also called Galatia) it says:
He that hath an ear, let him hear with the Spirit saith UNTO THE CHURCHES".
Where do we find the phrase "UNTO THE CHURCHES"?
Only in Paul's epistle to Galatians:
Galatians 1:1,2,3 KJV
Paul, an apostle, (not of men, neither by man, but by Jesus Christ, and God the Father, who raised him from the dead;) And all the brethren which are with me, UNTO THE CHURCHES of Galatia:
Grace be to you and peace from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus Christ,
Note:
Grace and peace from God our Father and Lord Jesus Christ does NOT accuse, fault-find, hate, threaten as in Revelation 2 & 3. In John 5:45 Jesus Christ clarified he would NOT accuse any.
These are some of the Bible evidence reasons to suggest Paul, not John, wrote and sign-ified the book of Revelation, as if a spoof on John got "turned" back to the law "behind" him.
Seems when perceive Paul as author of Revelation, 
it nullifies all the bad destructive stuff therein.
What are your insights about the author of Revelation?
The End: Revelation 22:21 KJV (Paul's hand-written Salutation):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

