---
title: "post 1511"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\July\post_1511.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:38:56.866566
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

KJV?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
I like to share law/grace contrasts from KJV Bible because it does not contradict itself like modern bibles do. Here's a few examples:
- 
KJV uses "Ghost" & "Spirit" for Greek 'pneuma' to contrast law & grace Comforters, for God is a "Spirit" (not a Ghost); So God of all comfort is a grace Comforter that always forgives, for blasphemy the Ghost has never forgiveness..
But
modern bibles say blasphemy the Spirit has never forgiveness and God is Spirit has forgiven you, which is a contradiction.
- KJV uses "favour" & "grace" for Greek 'charis' in LukeWarm mode from Luke to Acts, but beyond Acts it's only grace, to reveal how much more "grace" is than "favour".
So when modern bible readers say grace is unmerited favour, it is not an accurate description of grace.
- KJV uses "love" & "charity" for Greek 'agape' to contrast how law 'agape' (love) shall wax cold (of cold, LukeWarm, hot) for many when iniquity abounds, but grace 'agape' (charity) never faileth, by being greatest of great, greater, greatest, which is allegory like being Hot of cOLD. LukeWarm, Hot. It's because love is a "commandment" that can be broken; So charity is the end of the commandment phase.
But
modern bibles say love both grows cold & never fails, as a contradition, like an oxymoron is two contrary things. 
KJV also quarantines it's mention of law & grace duality between opening & closing grace, to end with grace only. KJV also does not remove Christ from the last verse.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

