---
title: "post 0140"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\May\post_0140.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T20:43:13.397056
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery: God is love, but is perfect merciful grace love. 
So it reasons true God is not imperfect non-merciful law love.
So, perhaps none of these three Jesus sayings are yet grace: 
- Love thy neighbour = law2 of Matthew 22:36-40's law law.
- Love your enemies = the mend of law2: Matthew 5:43,43.
- 
Love one another = new (law) commandment: John 13:34.
Perhaps that is why:
- JC generation = Abraham(begin)→Jesus→Christ(end)
- Grace is only mentioned four times in all four gospels
- Grace is mentioned over ninety times in Paul's epistles
- "Grace to you" begins in Romans, not in four gospels
- Grace & truth came by Jesus Christ = foundation, but
peace & victory are through Jesus→Christ = build-ing.
- Gospel of Paul is "the gospel of Christ": Romans 1:16.
Reasoning:
A new covenant made a change of the law necessary;
But a change of the law is still law, and not yet grace.
Law is what "we are delivered from" to be grace us.
Change of the law (love enemies) is better speak than Abel;
But Jesus mode seems to be still law mode, not yet grace.
Perhaps that's why Galatians 1 says "the grace of Christ".
Two Sons Jesus mode is not (yet) one Son Christ mode.
The KJV uses both "love" and "charity" for 'agape'; But
- "love" (seems law agape) can wax cold: Matthew 24:12,
- "charity" (seems grace agape) never faileth: 1Cor 13:8.
End: The grace of our Lord J→C [be] with you→all. Amen.
Interesting stuff to study out.

