---
title: "post 2639"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\January\post_2639.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T18:27:41.466347
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

DO Old Testament "grace" & New Testament "grace" DIFFER? 
IFF...
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. (is only a NT Greeting)
IFF...
OT grace Noah found was in eyes of "LORD" [Yehova].
OT LORD[Yehova] DIFFERS from "God" [Elohim], not only in name, but in commanding of Noah: Gen 6 - 8. 
IFF...
OT "grace", occurs 38x, but is NEVER called "grace of God".
NT "grace" occurs 130x, and is called the "grace of God" 23x.
IFF...
NT grace and truth came by Jesus Christ (in contrast to OT law as if not truth), sent from the "only true God" to kNOW: John 1:17; 17:3.
IFF...
NT "grace" [charis 2] occurs over 100x more than "favour" [charis 1]: favour only 6x: only from Lk to Acts; but grace 130x from Lk to Rev.
IFF...
"only true God" & "only wise God" are only NT mentioned; 
Perhaps as if to imply another God that's not only true nor only wise.
IFF...
OT called "the law and the prophets"
NT says "not under the law, but under grace": Rom 6:14.
IFF...
"grace of God" is only NT
"grace of Christ" is only NT
"throne of grace" is only NT
"Spirit of grace" & "Spirit of truth" is only NT.
IFF...
"God of all grace" is only NT: 1Peter 5:10, and then 1Peter 5:12 says this (aka "all grace": no law at all) is the "true grace of God".
IFF...
Jude reminds OT LORD both saved and afterward destroyed.
Paul revealed God our Saviour will have all saved and aware.
So Jude concludes "the only wise God" is "God our Saviour".
What are your insights about OT grace & NT grace?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

