---
title: "post 2794"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\April\post_2794.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2023
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:56:14.065646
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

EASTER WEEK QUESTIONS:
LAST SUPPER: Tuesday or Thursday?
CRUCIFIXION: Wednesday or Friday?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
While the most important thing of Holy Week is "He is risen" prior to dawn of what's called Easter Sunday; This Post intent is to look at all scriptural evidence to see which day for Last Supper & for the Crucifixion fulfills Mt 12:40's "three days AND three nights" & Mk 8:31's "AFTER  three days rise again". 
Seems (Good) Friday Crucifixion does not.
Seems Hebrew month of Abib timeline of events portrays Tuesday for Last Supper and Wednesday for Crucifixion:
Eg:
9th Abib: Friday: 6 days before feast (unleavened bread: 15th-21) Jesus goes up from Jericho to Bethany for a supper with Lazarus (John 12). This would begin 4 days testing of the Passover Lamb.
10th: Saturday: weekly sabbath
11th: (Palm) Sunday entrance to Jerusalem (Zech 9:9), but only to look around temple & return to Bethany to lodge (Mk 11:11).
12th: Monday: curse fig tree on return to temple, cast out buyers & sellers, heal blind & lame, teach in temple, challenged by chief priests, scribes, elders; Olivet discourse privately with disciples,  lodge at Mount of Olives by night.
13th: Tuesday: teach in temple, challenged by Pharisees, lawyer, Herodians, send Peter & John to prepare upper room, last supper with disciples (but not a passover meal as bread was 'azor' & no bitter herb mentioned), then out to Mount of Olives where captured, and further tested during night.
14th: Wednesday: called preparation day. Taken to Pilate at 6am, then Herod, then back to Pilate, and to crucifixion. Darkness from noon to 3pm, dead at 3 (exact time of kill Passover Lamb), taken off cross & put in tomb before sunset; For at sunset annual sabbath began: High Holy Day (1st day of unleaved bread: 15th). Women buy spices. 1st night in tomb.
15th: Thursday: annual sabbath, eating of Passover meal. 1st of 3 days in tomb.
16th: Friday: also preparation day for weekly sabbath. Women prepare spices & perfume to annoint dead body. 2nd day in tomb.
17th: Saturday: weekly sabbath. 3rd day in tomb.
18th: Sunday (1st of week): tomb empty before dawn. he is risen as Firstfruits. 
Note: this info is from from YouTube video called: Was the Last Supper a Passover Meal? by 119 Ministries
What are your insights about such things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

