---
title: "post 2405"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\April\post_2405.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2022
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:53:40.074562
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M--a----rc-----h---1--8,--20------22----
---

## Content

TWOEDGED SWORD? 
is it allegory for biblical law?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
seems law may be the "twoedged sword" mentioned in Psalm 149:6,7... Proverb 5:4... Hebrews 4:12... Revelation 1:16. 
Law, 
being "both good and evil" (Heb 5:14),
seems thereby both just and unjust (lastly unjust judge),
also both holy and unholy (lastly highminded: what no to be).
So then,
- law both saves and destroys after: James 4:12; Jude 1:5.
- law both forgives and un-forgives after: Mt 18:23-35.
- law both covers and uncovers after: Rom 4:7; Mt 10:26; Lk 8:17.
Seems the reason why, 
WHEN leaders of nations began saying:  'rule of law' = 'new world order', after Y2Ks; 
THEN a lot of uncovering of cover ups began happening ; Not just to fault-find, but punish. For in Ps 149:6,7 a twoedged sword executes "vengeance upon heathen & punishments on people".
Law is also called just-ice, another OT law word, that can get so cOLD (of cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot), even the love('agape') of many shall wax cold, when iniquity shall abound: Mt 24:12. 
So we observe many demanding justice, getting harmed. 
Law worketh "wrath": Rom 4:15, is what saints are told to "put away": Eph 4:31, because "God (aka Grace, mercy, peace) hath not appointed us to wrath (aka law)": 1Thess 5:9, For...
Law, calling itself Alpha & Omega: first & last:, can get so lastly nasty it will turn people backward ← BC to what's "behind" them: Rev 1:10-12, as if a drawback to perdition, such as "worst" noted in Ezekiel 7:24, followed by "Destruction cometh, and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none".
Hmmm...
Since leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law' (not Grace & peace), both news & weather began reporting 'worst' scenarios along with DeathTolls; 
So law both offers peace, and then also takes away peace after (as in Rev 1:4 & 6:4) , by lastly make good law people to be "evil concupiscence" (mass shooters, etc); to the point even church goers will ask: where is there a safe place?
The answer is in Grace, the word('logos') of God that is:
- quick (alive)
- powerful 
- sharper than any twoedged sword (perhaps as if to allegory say Grace is smarter than law1 law2 = beast1 beast2)
- piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit
- and of the joints and marrow
- and a discerner of the thoughts
- and intents of the heart 
So then, 
it is a good(God) thing the heart be established with grace.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

