---
title: "post 1982"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\July\post_1982.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:33:54.030713
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Seems WORST vs BEST contrast since Y2Ks. Why & How??
WORST←Worse←bad :bwd-vs-fwd: good→Better→BEST.
How worst←BC scenarios+death tolls in AD news+weather?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Seems from look at evidence what occured after false/true Y2Ks was OT←"worst" scenarios began to manifest & be reported ww in news & weather, along with "death" tolls. Odd thing is word "worst" only bible occurs once: Ezekiel 7:24. So, it's like bwd←BC things began occuring in AD→fwd. How?
Ezekiel 7:24, 25 KJV (where "worst" only bible occurs):
24 Wherefore I will bring the WORST of the heathen, and they shall possess their houses: I will also make the pomp of the strong to cease; and their holy places shall be defiled.  
25 Destruction cometh, and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none.
Seems by Y2Ks modern bibles had removed "Christ" from their end in Revelation 22:21; So after Y2Ks leaders of nations began to say 'rule of law' as new world order; For only "Christ" of "through Jesus→Christ" is "end of the law".  
Romans 4:15 noted "law worketh wrath", so then saying 'law and order' or 'rule of law', seems it only produces "wrath" things in both news and weather. But 1Thess 5:9 notes God hath not appointed us to wrath (can get deadly), but to obtain salvation (from wrath: Rom 5:9) by our Lord Jesus Christ.
Seems, by modern bibles removing "Christ" from their end in Rev 22:21, it gave place to bwd←BC things to manifest; As if by an imaginary beast which "was, and is not, yet is".
Seems media mostly report worst scenarios & death tolls.
Seems people deceived oft quote more OT←BC than NT.
What are your insights & opinions about such things?
Revelation 22:21 KJV does not remove "Christ":
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

