---
title: "post 1930"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\April\post_1930.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2020
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:20:39.507983
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Question: Why no mention of mercy nor eternal life in book of Revelation?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
When Spirit prompted to study "eternal life", I learned it didn't occur in OT (begin) nor  Revelation (end); Differed from OT "everlasting life" & NT "life everlasting"; And last mention in Jude 1:21b noted keep looking for the "mercy" of our Lord Jesus Christ unto "eternal life"; But no mercy 
nor eternal life occurs in Revelation. Why?
John 17:2-4 said Jesus Christ (aka grace & truth), sent from the only true God to know, had a "work" to do: give "eternal life", and he said he'd "finished" that work before the cross. 
Seems why is JC came to do the will of God, is I will have mercy, and not sacrifice. Yet no mercy mentioned in John, where Jesus as 2 Sons (twain) still had 2 (contrary) voices:
- OT←Son of man law voice said "life eternal" (reverse)
- NT→Son of God grace voice said "eternal life"
Seems why no more mention of Son of man, only Son of God in Romans →forward. So then Rom 6:23 notes "eternal life" is the "gift of God", but "through Jesus→Christ our Lord", as if only "in Christ", defined as "the end of the law" in Rom 10:4.
1Timothy 6:12b noted "lay hold on eternal life" is where-unto we're "also called", as if a higher calling than the high calling.
Titus 1:2 noted it was God, which "cannot lie", who promised "eternal life" (aka the promise) before the world began.
Heb 10:36 noted it's only after have patience we can then receive the promise (aka eternal life).
What are your insights about "eternal life" ?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

