---
title: "post 2505"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\August\post_2505.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2022
comments: 12
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-13T15:20:28.331182
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WHAT IF ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
1Cor 15:22 says For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive
YET...
what if as in "Adam" all die refers to both first & last "Adam", so then in "Christ" all made alive would allegory be 3rd of 3:
in Adam 1 all die → in Adam 2 all die → in Christ all made alive ?
Why/How??
first man [anthropos] "Adam" was made a living "soul" [psyche]
(Gen 2:7 ... 1Cor 15:45)
last "Adam" was made a quickening "spirit" [pneuma]: 1Cor 15:45.
Yes, but...
in 1Cor 15:45-48
last Adam = "second man" [anthropos] = still 'anthropos' (not aner),
and Romans 3:4 said
let God be true, but EVERY man [anthropos] a liar.
Seems such makes last Adam = second man [anthropos] = still liar.
So
in Romans 4:8 it's 'aner' man to whom sin is not imputed to forgive or cover up as in Rom 4:7 for them,
and
in 1Cor 11:3 Paul said Christ is head of every man [aner], not anthropos,
and in 1Cor 13:11 Paul put away childish to become a man [aner],
and in Eph 4:13 Christ is the perfect man [aner], not anthropos.
WTF?
Seems even when in "spirit" mode of soul/spirit there is still
two (spirit) aspects:
"spirit" of error & "spirit" of truth...
Until Big Spirit of truth guided into all truth (no lie): John 16:13.
What are your insights about such "mystery" details in Greek?
Every good mystery has twists... usually right up to the end,
where no mention of law (sin, death, error), only of grace:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

