---
title: "post 2136"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\May\post_2136.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2021
comments: 6
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T12:03:35.426386
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ---M-a------rc-h---1---4,--2-0------21---
---

## Content

Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Re "JESUS CHRIST" & "CHRIST JESUS" Bible mentions:
Title page says "New Testament of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ". Then "Jesus Christ" occurs 187x from Mt 1:1 to Rev 22:21; But "Christ Jesus" only 58x, only from Acts 19:4 to 1Pet 5:14, only by Paul 56x & 1Pet 2x; And of 27 NT books 11 never mention "Christ Jesus". WHY?
Acts 
not only records a "Saul" to "Paul" name change in Acts 13 (not yet in 9 at Damascus nor yet in 11 when called Christians), but also notes another change for "Paul", from a "Christ Jesus" mode in Acts 19:4 to a "Jesus Christ" mode in Acts 28:31. WHY?
In Acts 19:4 Paul said when John told people they should believe on him that should come after him, he meant on "Christ Jesus". Yet in Acts 28:31 it lastly concludes Paul teaching "Jesus Christ".  
Then, in Paul's epistles, he 1stly clarifies he's now in "Jesus Christ" mode, greets with Grace & peace from God our Father and the Lord "Jesus Christ"; And even though mentioning both JC & CJ, he always turns CJ around to JC, even in Hebrews. WHY? 
When this is known, it then begs the question whether there may be JC & CJ differences to notice, even though Rom 8:1 says there is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in CJ; And 1Cor 1:30 mentions wonderful things in CJ, like wisdom & righteousness & sanctification & redemption. But for reconciled to God by God, it only mentioned JC in 2Cor 5:18. WHY?
Eg: Although 1Tim 1:15 notes CJ came into the world to save sinners, there's no mention of "Saviour" re CJ, but JC as Saviour 9x: Ph 3:20; 2Tim 1:10; Tit 1:9; 2:13; 3:6; 2Pet 1:1; 1:11; 2:20; 3:18. WHY?
Eg re both: in 1Cor 1:1-4's mention of both JC & CJ, it clarifies to saints in CJ at Corinth that our Lord JC is both theirs & ours, and grace given them is by JC (For Jn 1:17 had noted grace & truth came by JC, and Jn 17:2,3 had noted the only true God sent JC to give eternal life, which in Rom 6:23 is the gift of God through JC).  
In Philippians 1:1-6 it 1st mentions both JC & JC, and speaks of God performing a good[agathos, not kalos] work in CJs until the day of JC. 
Then Phil 2:5-11 mentions both CJ & JC, beginning with "Christ Jesus" took upon himself the form of a "servant" (not son), and was  made in the likeness of "men"[anthropos: judge-mental liars in Rom 2:1 & 3:4]; So being found in this 'anthropos' man mode, he humbled himself and became obedient unto death of the cross. Then not only every knee should bow to a highly exalted name of Jesus, but every tongue should confess that "Jesus Christ" (aka grace & truth) is Lord to the glory of God the Father. 
2Tim 1:9,10 mentions both CJ & JC, noting God's purpose and grace were given us in "Christ Jesus" before the world began, But is now made manifest by the appearing of our Saviour "Jesus Christ".
Then 
2Tim 3:12 notes all who will live godly in "Christ Jesus" shall suffer persecution (as Paul did when still in his CJ mode in Acts). 
While 1Pet 5:10 notes God of all grace hath called us unto his eternal glory by "Christ Jesus", it then notes it's only after ye have suffered a while that he will make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you (as if then to end suffer mode in CJ). 
Then 
last mention of "Christ Jesus" occurs in 1Pet 5:14, noting Peace be with you all that are in "Christ Jesus"; After which there is only mention of "Jesus Christ" in 2Pet to Rev. Hmmm
Once you begin to see such things re JC & CJ mentions, it becomes hard to unsee such things, and causes pondering about such.
What are your insights & experiences re JC & CJ Bible mentions?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

