---
title: "post 3230"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3230.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T20:45:34.282004
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --D---ec---em------b--e-----r-8-----,--20-2---3
---

## Content

REVELATION 1:16 IS NOT JESUS CHRIST 
(vengeance & punishment is NOT grace & truth)
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
A 
character described in Revelation 1:16 (also Rev 2:12), having a "sharp twoedged sword" coming out his mouth is NOT Jesus Christ. 
For 
- in Psalm 149:6,7 the stated purpose of a "twoedged sword" is to execute "vengeance" and "punishments". In contrast "grace and truth" is what came by Jesus Christ: John 1:17. 
- in Hebrews 4:12 the word [logos] of God is noted as being "sharper than any twoedged sword". (perhaps allegory meaning smarter than law law).
So, the character described in Revelation 1:10-18 is more likely symbolically law trying to be both first and last, instead of was, but is not, even done away to the point of no glory: not even a was.
Jesus Christ is mostly revealed in Paul's epistles. 
Paul's holy kiss greeting is: Grace to you, and peace (not vengeance & punishment) from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Paul's grace salutation, written by his own hand, is: The grace (not law) of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 1:10 says the "voice" calling from "behind" John was a great voice "as of a trumpet". Such is mentioned in Hebrews 12:19 about the law at Mount Sinai. So not grace, but law. 
For grace is out front, saying "follow me", 
but law is "behind" saying: "walk before me". 
Such are as different as (law) driven & (grace) led. 
Galatians 5:18 says if "led" of the Spirit, then not under the law.
So,
if Revelation is allegory like a mine field of potential HARMageddon, it's best to be Grace led, not Law driven through it. 
Rev 1:12,13 says John had to turn to see the "voice" that "spake" (of spake/speak in Heb 1:1,2 KJV), and when "turned", to what was "behind" him, saw one like unto "Son of man" (not Son of God) in the midst of seven golden candlesticks (seven lamps: Exodus 25:37 made of gold: Exodus 37:23 in OT law temple).
Note: re "Son of man":
the Old Testament term "Son of man" does NOT occur past Acts. In Romans forward ONLY "Son of God" is used for gospel of "Christ". 
Note: re "turned":
2Peter 2:22 says it happened like the Proverb said: 
The dog is "turned" to his own vomit (allegory law).
Seems the character described is dressed as an Old Testament law priest, who would both bless & curse. Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law.
This character described in Rev 1 then fault finds in Rev 2 & 3.
Note: Jesus Christ said in John 5:45 he would not even accuse.
Seems tradition perceives the character in Revelation 1, 2, 3 to be Jesus Christ. We ought not to ass-u-me such about our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, by whom came grace and truth, not vengeance and punishments of law trying to be first and last.
What are your insights about the character in Revelation 1, 2, 3?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

