---
title: "post 1264"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\October\post_1264.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:21:06.845445
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Mystery: why(?) "charity" (not "love") is used in 1Corinthians 13 KJV for what "never faileth"? 
If "love" & "charity" both mean 'agape' in Greek & both used in KJV, why then "charity", unless it's as if more than "love"?
Here's some things I learned when I asked God about such:
- 
most modern Bibles, changing "charity" back to "love", also remove "Christ" from their end in Revelation 22:21.
- Most versions agree that Matthew 24:12 said because iniquity shall abound. "love"(agape) of many "shall wax cold".
Hmmm, it's like saying love(agape) of many can & shall fail; Than saying love never fails would be contrary
- 1Cor 13 is describing a "more excellent way" noted in 1Cor 12:31. In 1Cor 13:13 it's "greatest" of "three" things. So a more excellent way is neither of broad/narrow ways, but a 3rd way, like greatest is 3rd of great, greater, greatest.
- love is a "commandment" (law), so love is like law 'agape'; but charity isn't a command, so charity is like grace 'agape'. 
Grace doesn't command, but only awares with truth until no longer need to be commanded, not even to love one another. 
- 1Cor 13:5 KJV: charity "thinketh no evil"(reverse of live): neither to punish nor even forgive; So in Col 3:14 charity is put on even "above"('epi') forgiving one another. 
The 'epi' kind of "above" is higher than the 'ano' kind of "above" in Col 3. So it makes charity more than love; Allegory like grace is more than better law 
- KJV is 7th English Bible, one made better from 6 good; Allegory like good x6, then very good 7th time in Genesis 1.
- KJV Translators were neither Roman Catholic nor Protestant, but learned men who believed it's a preposterous order to teach first and learn afterward.

