---
title: "post 1893"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\February\post_1893.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:12:12.458234
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Christ (in whom all made alive) is Neither first Adam Nor last Adam (in whom all die). Let's investigate why in 1Cor 15:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
In 1Cor 15:44-48. I found it SHOCKING in greek to see BOTH first man [anthropos] Adam & last Adam: second man [anthropos] = 'anthropos': in Rom 2:1 is self-condemning as still judge-mental, so Rom 3:4 says Let God be true, but EVERY man[anthropos] 
a "liar". Woah. That was me; Until I also learned, by guidance of the Spirit of truth:
"Christ" (in whom all made alive) is Neither Adam1 Nor Adam2 (in whom all die), even though Adam2: second man (is then spiritual of natural/spiritual) and therein called "the Lord from heaven" (heavenly of earthly/heavenly). Adam2 is still a liar.
Why? 
Seems why is: 
1Cor 15:22 first noted: as in "Adam" all die, and this seems to include BOTH first man "Adam" & last "Adam", even though it's a change from being a living "soul" [psyche] to being a quickening "spirit" [pneuma]. 
Why?
Seems why is:
even when we transform from "soul" mode to "spirit" mode, as from "natural first to spiritual afterward", our little "spirit" can still be dual, both "spirit of error" & "spirit of truth"; UNTIL our little spirit further guided by Big "Spirit of truth" into "all truth", to have no more error (lie to beLIEve) in little spirit mode.
Why?
Seems why is:
law is both natural & spiritual, but because law is "both good and evil", lastly nasty, law can also thereby lastly be natural disaster & "spiritual wickedness" in high-minded places. 
This happened to me, when still trusting in law, even when spiritual. My life was ruined by my own legalism & ignorance.
So,
the Spirit of truth had to help me learn the difference between an 'anthropos' man (as last Adam) & 'aner' man (as Christ); For Christ "fulness" is perfect 'aner' man (then neither first nor last Adam = 'anthropos'), as noted in Eph 4:13, goes on in Eph 4:14 to say "be no more children" (aka not childish).
Seems why:
Paul 1Cor 13:11 said he had to put away childish things (as if both first & last Adams) to become a man [aner], like Christ.
Interesting "mystery" details(twists) to learn for awareness.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/IS] with you all. Amen.

