---
title: "post 1591"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\November\post_1591.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2018
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:04:42.780628
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

The Spirit of truth will guide you into "all truth": John 16:13?
Question: is "all truth" more & above "the truth" of lie/truth? 
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Hmmm, Seems, to me now...
"the 
truth", in John 14:6's 3 modes is only 2/3 of 3 things:
says "I am" = the way(1/3), the truth(2/3), and the life(3/3);
Then says no "man" cometh unto the "Father", but be me. 
As if 
"the truth" is only right side of lie/truth, not yet above duality; (and unto "Father"=8th, even above God=7th, in Eph 4:4-6); As if "and the life" is "eternal life" reality of Father above all.
Seems 3rd of 3 things in several Bible verses is allegory as:
- greatest of three: great(1/3), greater(2/3), greatest(3/3).
- as if best, and for all, of good(1/3), better(2/3), rest(3/3).
- 3rd of good(1/3), acceptable(2/3), perfect(3/3) will of God.
Because in math: 1/3=0.333, 2/3=0.666, but 3/3=1.000; As if why 1Cor 13KJV says "nothing" x2 without charity = 3rd of 3.
So, John 16:7-13 says: when Jesus is ascended to "Father", (Eph 4:10 says is "ascended far above all [plural] heavens"), then
"all truth" (no lie, nor still lie/truth duality) is what Big "Spirit of truth" sent will "guide" you (little eternal spirit) "into"; Perhaps...
As if by
a Walk in/with the Spirit, through a simulated learning journey, thereby helps little eternal spirit be more fully aware "eternal life" (no begin, nor end, nor death) IS (not was, nor just will be) our "all grace" & "all truth" eternal real-ity, is above any law/grace & lie/truth dual-ity, perhaps only simulated by watch a biblical mystery shew, in heaven, about "the world began", is therein noted it was written "aforetime" for our "learning".
Hmmm, as "eternal life" has no beginning, nor end, nor death, then it kinda makes "In the beginning"...endure unto "the end" as if only a biblical shew, a "mystery" having twists; Perhaps sow dog gone many even the end gets changed in modern bibles: remove Christ (Saviour of the world) from their end.
"Eternal life" is what God, that "cannot lie" (all truth) promised "before the world began": Titus 1:2; Perhaps before "In the  beginning" God created plural heavens & earth; Perhaps to learn all truth reality is in heaven, higher than the heavens; As if where we all really are, perhaps only watching a shew that may some-how(?) simulate watchers to earth-ly adventures.
Amazing stuff to notice (by the Spirit) and ponder about. 
What are your thoughts about "all truth" & "eternal life"? 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

