---
title: "post 2979"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\September\post_2979.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T16:37:06.645205
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"JESUS CHRIST" & "CHRIST JESUS":
Is there any biblical difference?
It's The NEW TESTAMENT of our Lord and Saviour "Jesus Christ".
Therein "Christ Jesus" also occurs, but only from Acts to 1Peter.
note:
term "Lord" occurs for both, but "Saviour" only for "Jesus Christ".
"Jesus Christ" is mentioned 196x in all 27 books, by all NT writers.
"Christ Jesus" is only mentioned 58x, and only by Paul & 1Peter.
note:
"Christ Jesus" is not mentioned in 11 of 27 NT books.
John 1:17 notes "grace and truth" came by "Jesus Christ".
John 17:3 notes "the only true God" sent "Jesus Christ".
In Acts, there's not only a name change from "Saul" to "Paul" (in Acts 13, not Acts 9), but also then a change for "Paul", from "Christ Jesus" (mode) in Acts 19:4 to "Jesus Christ" (mode) in Acts 28:31. 
Then, in Romans → forward, 
Paul always first notes he's an apostle of "Jesus Christ", and always turns mention of "Christ Jesus" around to "Jesus Christ";
So,
Paul's epistles begin and end with "Jesus Christ", as does the NT.
Paul's "holy kiss" Grace and peace greetings use "Jesus Christ", but in 1Tim & 2Tim Paul then greets with "Grace, mercy, and peace", from both "Jesus Christ" (1Tim 1:2) & "Christ Jesus" (2Tim 1:2).
Paul sometimes uses both "Jesus Christ" & "Christ Jesus" in the same verse:
1Corinthians 1:2 KJV
Unto the church of God which is at Corinth, to them that are sanctified in "Christ Jesus", called to be saints, with all that in every place call upon the name of "Jesus Christ" our Lord, both theirs and ours:
Ephesians 1:1 KJV
Paul, an apostle of "Jesus Christ" by the will of God, to the saints which are at Ephesus, and to the faithful in "Christ Jesus":
2Timothy 1:1 KJV
Paul, an apostle of "Jesus Christ" by the will of God, according to the promise of life which is in "Christ Jesus",
Philippians 2:5 - 11 uses both "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ":
2:5 Let this mind be in you, which was also in "Christ Jesus":
...
2:11 And that every tongue should confess that "Jesus Christ" is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.
2Timothy 1:9,10 uses both "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ":
Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in "Christ Jesus" before the world began,
But is now made manifest by the appearing of our Saviour "Jesus Christ", who hath abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the gospel:
2Timothy 3:12 KJV notes this about "Christ Jesus":
Yea, and all that will live (small g) godly in "Christ Jesus" shall suffer persecution.
1Peter 5:10 KJV mentions this about "Christ Jesus":
But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by "Christ Jesus", after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you.
There is no mention of "Christ Jesus" beyond 1Peter 5:14.
2Peter → forward only mentions "Jesus Christ".
Epistle Dedicatory of Translators of KJV noted THIS:
THE TRANSLATORS OF THE BIBLE WISH GRACE, MERCY, AND PEACE, THROUGH "JESUS CHRIST" OUR LORD.
The End: Revelation 22:21 KJV only mentions "Jesus Christ", and notably is only the grace salutation of Paul (not John) which Paul had noted he always writes his closing grace salutation with his "own hand":
The grace of our Lord "Jesus Christ" be with you all. Amen.

