---
title: "post 1315"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\December\post_1315.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:40:41.226281
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

How(?) does "Christ Jesus" differ from "Jesus Christ"? 
and 
Why(?) should every tongue (now) confess "Jesus Christ" (not still "Christ Jesus") is Lord to the glory of the Father?
Here's some things the Spirit got me to re-read & notice:
- In 
Galatians 4:1-7 KJV Paul noted (to bewitched) an heir, as long as still in "child" mode, still differs nothing from a being "servant" (servant = know not in John 15:15)... until such child=servant is "no more a servant, but a son" ("son", not still plural "sons", as "adoption" mode, still as plural "hearts"). Hmmm...
- Taking that info into Philippians 2:5-11 KJV Paul notes "Christ Jesus" (made under the law: Gal 4:4) found himself to still be in the "form" of a "servant" (aka child, not yet son); As if still only serving NT better law by "change of the law": as in Mt 5:43,44...Heb 7:12 (aka not yet Grace, only better law).
So then, 
"Christ Jesus" became obedient unto the death of the cross (as if to thereby end previous "servant=child" mode of CJ). 
Why?
Paul further explains why: so the end result is that:
every tongue should confess that "Jesus Christ" (not still Christ Jesus = servant = child) to the glory of the Father. 
- So, in all Paul's epistles, although he uses both "Christ Jesus" and "Jesus Christ", he always first clarifies he's now in "Jesus Christ" mode (was in "Christ Jesus" mode in Acts), and 
always turns "Christ Jesus" around to "Jesus Christ", 
(as if to turn descending CJ around to ascending JC)
even in Hebrews, 
where in Heb 13:8,9 KJV Paul notes:
8: Jesus Christ = same yester-day, and to-day, and for ever.
9: single heart should be established with grace (JC=grace).
So Paul noted (to childish Corinthians):
"Jesus Christ" (aka grace, and truth thereof) is the only "foundation" he laid to build upon (as if child to man mode).
For Paul noted in 1Cor 13:11 KJV,
When he was a "child" (as in CJ mode in Acts) he still spake, understood, thought as a child (differs nothing from a "servant": Gal 4:1; Phil 2:7); But when he became a "man" (notably 'aner' kind of man in Rom 4:8; Eph 4:13; not still 'anthropos' kind of man in Rom 2:1; Rom 3:4) he put away his child-ish things(plural).
1Cor 11:3 KJV notes "head" of every 'aner' kind of "man" is "Christ" (aka "the end of the law"; not still NT better law)... 
So in 2Cor 5:17 KJV he notes if any "man" be in Christ (of through our Lord Jesus Christ), then (as man of child/man) it's all things new (as then no more childish things = old things).
It helped me to Spirit realize as a childish-man I was still like a bi-polar oxy-moron, and still had childish things to put away to be only 'aner' man-kind. 
For God said let us make "man" (not babe nor child).
Interesting allegory to Spirit notice, ponder, study, discuss.

