---
title: "post 0811"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\May\post_0811.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T18:42:23.176473
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Ma--y-----1-0,-2--------0--1---6---
---

## Content

Bible stuff: MERCY? Who knew this about NT mercy? 
Bible Mystery: there's two kinds of New Testament "mercy":
- 'eleos': grace mercy (always mercy-full, unconditional love)
- 'eleeo': law mercy (oft mercy-less, conditional forgiveness)
Pick one kind only, and flush the other unkind as if dung.
Notes:
- Matthew 9:13 I will have mercy (eleos), and not sacrifice.
- 1Timothy 1:2 grace, and mercy (eleos), and peace to you.
- Hebrews 4:16 at the throne of grace obtain mercy (eleos).
- James 3:17 wisdom from above... is full of mercy (eleos).
- Last mention of mercy (eleos) occurs in Jude 1:25, where it says "Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy (eleos) of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life". For there's no mention of mercy at all in book of Revelation, until TheEnd which says "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen".
In contrast the 'eleeo' mention of "mercy" occurs in Matthew 5:7; 12:7; 15:22; 17:15; 20:30; 20:31. It seems to occur when Jesus is referred to as "Son of David" instead of as "Son of God". For Son of David can infer either Nathan or Solomon; But Son of God is greater than any OT prophet or any OT king. 
So James 2:13 KJV seems to contrast judgment & grace mercy: 
"For he shall have judgment without mercy (merciless), that hath shewed no mercy (eleos); and mercy (eleos) rejoiceth against judgment.
So, when we go to the throne of grace to obtain mercy (eleos), it should be the 'eleos' kind of mercy, and for all, since there is no respect of persons (no partiality) with God. 
It gets really interesting to notice, in Romans 11:32 KJV, this PluralGod who both "concluded them all in unbelief, that he might(?) have mercy (eleeo) on all" is still not yet the 'eleos' kind of mercy, nor the God who is always merciful. In contrast, "that God" in 2Corinthians 5:19 does not impute trespasses to anyone, not even to "them" of them/us therein. So "that God" doesn't impute trespasses to them to conclude them all in unbelief, like a God does in Rom 11:32.
So now we have a real mystery to solve; Which may even involve sorting out Which God (?) is "the only true God" who cannot lie nor die (not a false God who can lie or die). 
Comments are welcome, since we're all in this together.

