---
title: "post 1478"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\June\post_1478.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:28:43.487324
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

The "operation" of God: Colossians 2:12
Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ. 
Paul begins a PEP talk (Positive, Evaluate, Postivie) from Rome unto saints at Colose (still in Christ Jesus mode) with his holy kiss greeting & Positive praise (to edify)... 
Then in Col 2:1,2 notes his desire for them at Colose & Laodicea is not only have their hearts knit together in love, but also acknowledge (be more 
aware of) the "mystery" of God, and of the Father, and of Christ,; In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge (to also seek, find, and become more fully aware of) ...
Then in Col 2:8 he warns to "Beware", and lest any man spoil you (Col 2:16 notes judge, 2:18 notes beguile). So to help avoid being spoiled, judged, beguiled, he aware shares what he learned about the mystery...
In Christ dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily, and although "complete in him", Paul then allegory describes in Christ we all got circumcised with the "circumcision made without hands" (aka not a physical, but a spiritual circumcision), to put off the body of sins in the flesh...
Then Paul allegory describes such as having gone, by faith, through  the "operation of God" (to remove all flaw). What Paul then reveals is...
end result of such "operation" is not only that we have been forgiven "all trespasses" (including those never forgiveable in Mt 12:32 & Mk 3:29, where still no mention of grace), but also the "blotting out" of all previous handwriting of ordinances (laws) that "was" (past tense) "against" us....
All such ordinances (laws) got taken out of the way by nailing all such to his cross. So...
Col 2:20-22 challenges with this question: IF ye be dead with Christ from all such "rudiments" of the world, WHY are ye still being "subject" to ordinances (laws)? So he bracket says: (Touch not, taste not, handle not [and explains why, is because] all are to perish with the using;)...
Paul goes on in Col 3 to list things to also put off, so as to completely put off old man prior to put on new man, which can then lastly put on charity above forgiving. Then...
Col 4:16 notes this epistle (to Colose) should also be shared with them at Laodicea, and the epistle from Laodicea (aka 1Timothy) should also be read by them at Colose (as if to continue awareness to full assurance). Yet...
Paul also quarantines his own writings between opening & closing Grace; As if what he's revealed in Evaluate mode of PEP (Positive, Evaluate, Positive) is only to make more aware, so the last Positive is even more pure Positive: Aka Col 4:18 = pure "Grace" [be] with you all. Amen.
So I also quarantine my own mention of such between opening & closing Grace.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be]is] with you all. Amen.

