---
title: "post 1077"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\March\post_1077.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2017
comments: 33
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T20:02:04.383306
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --M-arc-----h---7--,-----------20--1-7
---

## Content

Love or Charity? Many will say same thing, as both mean 'agape' in greek. Yet KJV Bible uses both "love' & "charity" for 'agape' to allegory distinguish Law & Grace, as love (law) can wax cOLD: Mt 24:12 as OT just-ice & charity (grace) never fails: 1Cor 13:8 KJV. So love & charity are not the same thing.
When it comes to a MoreExcellentWay for ALL, as being neither BroadWay of MANY nor NarrowWay of FEW; Then it's "charity", allegorized 
as "greatest" of three: great, greater, greatest. For "love" can be both great & greater, but only "charity" is greatest of 3 things.
Sadly, due to most modern Bibles changing charity to love, most Bible readers, including priests & pastors, don't know this; Nor that most modern Bibles which do change charity to love also remove Christ (is the end of the f-law) from their end in Revelation 22:21. 
Seems why we have this modern time, called a third day beyond Y2Ks, being a time whereby love of many has waxed sow dog gone cOLD, it's not only a time of 9/11... decade of senseless wars... end of world scenarios... another CalipHATE uprising; But also ww news & weather reporting 'worst' scenarios along with DeathTolls... 
That's not Grace, mercy, peace; it's Law works wrath, kinda like Revelation's apocalypse scenario having no mention of mercy, nor mention of greater or greatest; But lots of mentions of "great". 
Hmmm, isn't Great Again what a POTUS Trump-et is sounding.

