---
title: "post 2879"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\June\post_2879.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2023
comments: 3
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T18:04:47.515111
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

FINISHED[teleioo] before cross & FINISHED[teleo] at cross DIFFER.
Jesus Christ (by whom came grace and truth: John 1:17) sent by the only true God (John 17:3) said he had "finished" the "WORK" given him to do (aka to give eternal life) before the cross (John 17:4). 
HOW?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Let's COMPARE (in Greek) how 
1st "FINISHED" [teleioo] before the cross (John 17:2-4) 
2nd "IT IS FINISHED" [teleo] at the cross (John 19:30) DIFFER; 
And also,
how the phrase "it is finished" [teleo] in John 19:30 DIFFERS from the phrase "it is finished" [apoteleo] in James 1:15 in Greek. 
Why? 
Because... 
- In a "race" 1st finished = "win", but 2nd finished = "place"
(note: Paul mentions a they/us "race" being "run": 1Cor 9:24,25).
- God said "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice": Hosea 6:6 
(which Jesus Mt 9:13 said go and learn what it allegory means).
- After-cross risen "Jesus of Nazareth" still damned: Mk16:6-16
(note: until ascended into heaven & sat on right hand of God).
- Hebrews 9:22 says blood shed can only "almost" purge all things.
- Sacrifice offered "for sin" is offered "by the law": Heb 10:8.
(Gal 3:11 noted it's evident no man is justified "by the law") 
- Even once & for all didn't yet end "enemies": Heb 10:12, 13.
(note: when still "enemies", even to love, there's still "jeopardy")
- Eternal Life is life[zoe] void of sacrifice, blood shed, death.
Eternal life is gift of God THROUGH Jesus → Christ=end of law.
John 17:2-4 KJV
(1st "finished" [teleioo] = give eternal life = win):
"As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him. And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent. I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do".
John 19:30 KJV 
(2nd "it is finished" [teleo] = sacrifice = place).
"When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost".
James 1:15 KJV 
(re "it is finished" [apoteleo] brings death, not life).
"Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death".
So
Jude 1:21b KJV
(says keep looking for the mercy, not sacrifice of Jesus Christ):
"Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life".
What are your insights about such biblical things?
The End: Revelation 22:21 KJV: is the salutation of Paul:
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

