---
title: "post 2061"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\December\post_2061.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:16:22.426031
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -D-ecem---b-----er------7-,---2------0---2----0
---

## Content

UNIQUE (Quarantine) FORMAT of APOSTLE PAUL EPISTLES is like a PEP (Positive, Evaluate, Positive) talk re the Grace of God & Christ:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
In Romans to Philemon Paul 13x begins (holy kiss greets) & ends (salutation salutes) epistles with GRACE. Allegory seems it thereby quarantines law (as if a harmful virus) between opening & closing grace, as if being the only safe way to 
look at a harmful virus (law) is in such a quarantined mode.
Positive: Grace (holy kiss) greeting, for mercy & peace from God.
Evaluate: many allegoric law vs grace contrasts to see & ponder.
Positive: Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. 
Also interesting is how, in 1Timothy (epistle from Laodicea), Paul  greeting adds "mercy" to what was previously Grace & peace, to then be Grace, mercy, peace, when then beginning the 6 forward mentions of "God our Saviour" in 1Timothy to Jude, lastly noted as the only wise "God our Saviour".  
Also interesting is how Revelation both opens & closes with Grace, and the last verse, in Rev 22:21 KJV, is Paul's (not John's) salutation, which Paul had thrice noted he always penned with his own hand.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

