---
title: "post 0979"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\November\post_0979.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T21:51:44.852429
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

TIME ALLEGORY of Converted Peter: 2Peter 3:8 KJV: "But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day [is] with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day". Seems more than the Time Allegory in Psalms 90:4 KJV: "For a thousand years in thy sight [are but] as yesterday when it is past, and [as] a watch in the night". 
It's interesting to follow Simon, surnamed Peter, through the biblical narrative, and 
notice Peter got called "Satan" in Mt 16; Also prayed for and foretold he'd later get 'epistrepho' "converted" in Lk 22:32.
Seems Peter(Satan) did get a "converted" upgrade (from 'strepho' in Mt 18:3 to 'epistrepho' in Lk 22:32, as if from child-ish to man), and by reading all Paul's epistles; Perhaps even Revelation... a word used only by Paul, then later by Peter (notably never by John). 
Seems converted Peter's Time Allegory may even allegory portray the "thousand years" in Revelation 20, where Satan is bound, then loosed from prison to then deceive nations, may refer to Peter being bound, then loosed, in Acts 12, at a day called Easter. 
Seems when Peter got loosed from the lowest Roman jail, perhaps called bottomless pit, he then went underground as a fugitive of the Roman Empire, later surfacing in Rome, as first Pope (a Vicar, or Mr-In-Between like CJ) perhaps using his other name: Cephas. 
So it's interesting to notice that after 1Peter 5:10, where "the God of all grace" (no law at all, as if then no lie at all) makes you perfect & stablishes, strenghtens, settles you, notably AFTER ye (do err) suffer a while (not for ever) in CJ mode  (reverse of JC); Then there's no more men-tion of CJ (Mr-In-Between), only of JC, as the narrative goes on unto The End to ENDure unto, which is then only  "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen".

