---
title: "post 3745"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2025\May\post_3745.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2025
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T13:16:41.238837
source: v3.3.02
---

## Content

At "Easter" - in Acts 12: 3,4 Peter: the only man called "Satan" (Matthew 16:23) in the Bible is imprisoned and chained (see Revelation 20) for a 1,000 years [is] as one day (2Peter 3:8). So the 1,000 years of Revelation 20 is allegorically one day, and such a 1000 year day is called "Easter", but only in Acts 12, with all other 29 references using the word "passover", for the greek word Pascha. So, perhaps Luke (author of Acts) and 
Translators of the Bible, learned men all, well versed in Aramaic, Hebrew, and Greek, were telling us something by using the word "Easter". As the narrative goes, Peter(Satan) escaped, got "loosed for a little (law) season" (Revelation 20), to deceive the world, until he got converted in accordance with "when (not if) thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren ": Luke 22:32; And admittedly got converted from another law to grace & peace by reading all epistles of Paul The Apostle, which includes Hebrews and Revelation, which also contain Paul's "token" by his own hand.
Note: such prophetic exhortation of Luke 22:32 to a man called "Satan" could also be said for Pope: John-Paul II, who's recorded (on his 8th globe-trotting journey in 1999) as saying: "the l-o-n-g tradition of sacrifice must continue in the third millennium". WWJS? "Get behind me Satan"! Ye do err, "not knowing" the Scriptures! For the immutable will of God is: "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice"...and the not part of such martyr-dumb is not then, not now, not ever. For the will of God is notably the same in both OT and NT: Psalms 40:7; Psalms 51:16; Hosea 6:6; Matthew 9:13; Matthew 12:7; Hebrews 10: 5-10. And the will of God to be done on earth as it is in heaven (the work that JC came to do) is notably  "finished" before the cross (John 17), not at the cross where it's notably cursed EVERY ONE that hangeth on a tree: Galatians 3 (to "bewitched" churches). For as James 1:15 notes: sin(law), when "it is finished", brings forth "death" (not life). Furthermore, Hebrews 10:36 flat out states do the will of God precedes receive the promise, and these all who did not do it, listed in Hebrews 11, notably died and received not the promise; making Hebrews 11 a hall of shame, not fame. Selah. By 
Daniel Miles

