---
title: "post 3090"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\December\post_3090.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2023
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-07T20:46:22.797862
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

ALLEGORY MEANINGS of Bible Verses Spirit of truth helped me learn:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Learning allegory meanings of Bible verses helped me learn "the only true God" (cannot lie: John 17:3; Titus 1:2) is "the God of all grace (cannot law: 1Peter 5:10). 
Example: Matthew 9:13 KJV (from Hosea 6:6)
Jesus said God said: "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice" has an allegory meaning to go learn what it (allegory) means. 
Seems it allegory means God will have grace, and not law, to have salvation, not condemnation, and life, not death. 
Matthew 12:7 also said if ye had known the (allegory) meaning of Hosea 6:6 ye would not have condemned the guiltless (aka not have lawed the grace).
Example: In Matthew 22:32; Mark 12:27; Luke 20:38 Jesus Christ (grace & truth: John 1:17) notes by God said I am the God of Abraham (not Abram) & of Isaac (not Ishmael) & of Jacob (not Israel), it allegory reveals God is not God of the dead, but God of the living (allegory meaning God is not Law, but Grace).
Example: In Matthew 5:17b KJV Jesus Christ said I am (aka grace & truth: John 1:17) not come to destroy, but to fulfill (allegory means Grace never destroys, but only fills with truth until all thought of destruction is put away as errant law thinking). 
Note: modern bibles say not come to abolish law and prophets, but to fulfill them (the law & prophets), which is absurd, for to fulfill law (the ministration of death:2Cor 3:7) would be as if to fulfill death to the point of extinction, not salvation to the point of eternal life.
Example: 1Corinthians 14:33 says God is not author of confusion, but of peace (allegory means God did not author grace + law, which is as life + death, but authored grace only, for life only).
Paul also uses sarcastic allegory to make a point. 
Example: Romans 11:22 means if you perceive God as Law, then you'll behold law's conditional ("if") goodness [chrestotes] and severity (spare not) = bad end (cut off). 
So, Romans 11:32 says God concluded them ALL (law beLIEvers) in unbelief, to have mercy (grace gifted righteousness & eternal life) upon ALL.
Example: 1Thessalonians 5:3 notes when they (law beLIEvers) shall say Peace and safety (in law: worketh wrath: Rom 4:15); then sudden destruction cometh upon them. 
In contrast 1Thess 5:9 clarifies God has not appointed us to wrath (aka to law works wrath), but to obtain salvation (from wrath: Romans 5:9) by our Lord Jesus Christ (by grace & truth).
Example: James 1:5 notes a God who "upbraideth not" we may ask for His wisdom (allegory means that higher God somehow differs from Jesus who upbraided both before & after the cross). 
I reasoned I needed to ask that God (who does not upbraid) for His wisdom, to receive Spirit revelations about allegory meanings I didn't know.
I then learned there's a higher "God of all grace" (no law at all) in 1Peter 5:10 who will make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you, after ye (err) have suffered a while in ignorance. 
So, there are more allegory meanings to learn beyond the stated "allegory" in Galatians 4:22-26, that 2 sons of Abraham "are" (allegory) the 2 covenants, and Agar (Hagar) "is" mount Sinai (aka is law), and Jerusalem above "is" the mother of us all.
There is also the time allegory of 2Peter 3:8 noting:
one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, 
and a thousand years as one day.
Interesting allegoric biblical "mystery" stuff to learn by being led of the Spirit of truth into all truth.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

