---
title: "post 0787"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\May\post_0787.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T18:37:49.634930
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -----Ma-------y-----5-,--201--6-
---

## Content

Remember, we don't do good to score points with God, Good Works is simply an outflow of the Love of God shed abroad in our hearts being expressed.

"FAITH WITHOUT WORKS IS DEAD"???------DOES THIS CONTRADICT THE GOSPEL OF GRACE???-----(WAS APOSTLE JAMES ANTI-GRACE???)-------Was James contradicting Paul?? Were they 
Apostles of different beliefs?? Bcos of this confusion, Apostle James has been heavily bashed by some Grace preachers, and gloriously hailed by some Legalists. But hey, there is No Contradiction in the Bible. If there be any scripture that seems contradictory to the Gospel, it simply means you've not come to the Knowledge of Truth about the Context. When preaching Salvation, some say all it takes is "FAITH ALONE", quoting from Paul, and others say its, "FAITH AND WORKS, bcos Faith without Works is dead", quoting James. So many are stuck in the Valley of Confusion. Today, let's understand. 
At first glance, Paul and James "SEEM" to contradict each other when it comes to Justification. Apostle Paul said we're JUSTIFIED BY FAITH ALONE, WITHOUT WORKS.-(Romans 4:4-5), but Apostle James said we CANNOT be Justified by Faith Alone, but We're JUSTIFIED BY FAITH AND WORKS.-(James 2:24). Huh? What!? **Scratching head, lol**. Well, I too was a "James-Basher", until Holy Spirit told me, "God is NOT the Author of Confusion, but of Peace..."-(1 Corinthians 14:33), then He showed me. I then realized there was NO contradiction at all. It was only a matter of RIGHTLY DIVIDING THE WORD. Both Apostles were simply addressing DIFFERENT RELATIONSHIPS. There's confusion bcos we think they were both addressing ONE RELATIONSHIP. Let me explain; 
Paul was addressing, "GOD TO MAN", while James was addressing, "MAN TO MAN". In our relationship with God (GOD TO MAN), Good Works play NO ROLE, Only Faith does. Salvation has ZERO to do with our Works, whether good or bad. Its by Grace through faith alone.-(Ephesians 2:8-9 and Romans 11:6) And our ETERNAL SECURITY is based on this, not on "MAN TO MAN." BUT in our Faith Relationship with Man (MAN TO MAN), is where Good Works is needed. God Himself DOES NOT PROFIT from our Good Works. Apostle James said, "Was not Abraham our father Justified by Works when he offered Isaac his son on the altar?"-(James 2:21). Ok, so did God profit from this?? Did that "Good Work" justify Abraham before God?? Well, see how Paul explained it, "For if Abraham was Justified by Works, he can boast, BUT NOT BEFORE GOD."-(Romans 4:2). 
You see? BUT NOT BEFORE GOD. "Faith without works is dead" does NOT apply with God and Man. Rightly Divide! God is ONLY pleased by ONE thing, FAITH ALONE.-(Hebrews 11:6). So James is NOT ANTI-GRACE. He was simply expounding on MAN TO MAN relationship. Man profits from our Faith and Good Works. See how Paul said this, "....Those who have BELIEVED in God, should be careful to maintain GOOD WORKS. These things are GOOD AND PROFITABLE TO MEN"-(Titus 3:8). You see? NOT TO GOD, but TO MEN. Yet, in just three verses above this (Titus 3:5), Paul speaks of our relationship with God (GOD TO MAN), and said, "NOT BY WORKS OF Righteousness which we have done, but according to HIS MERCY He saved us...."-(Titus 3:5). Do you see the difference now?? Man benefits from our Good Works, but not God. 
So "Faith without Works is Dead" is solely for Man to Man relationship, NOT Man and God. You dig?? Even when James mentioned this, he gave an example of helping our brethren in need. He never said its for Salvation or Righteousness.-(James 2:14-17). Apostle James was NOT a Law Preacher. Now what many don't know is, in the verse BEFORE "Faith without works is dead..", James said, "Mercy triumphs over judgment".-(James 2:13). Mercy here, is "Chesed" in Hebrew. And Chesed means GRACE. So James, who is a hebrew, is saying, "GRACE TRIUMPHS OVER JUDGMENT." The Holy Spirit carefully placed that there, so that we read the following verses with a "Grace Perspective". Now let me show you Jame's own words as he defended Paul's Gospel of Grace. Yes, he defended Grace. See, 
"James answered saying,......."Known to God from eternity are all HIS WORKS. (you see? why didn't James say OUR WORKS? God only recognizes His Finished Works.)....Therefore I judge that we're NOT going to Unnecessarily Burden non-Jewish people who are turning to God..........Since we have heard that some men from our Church went to you and Troubled you with words, UNSETTLING YOUR SOULS, saying, "You must be circumcised and KEEP THE LAW"--to whom we gave NO SUCH COMMANDMENT..."-(Acts 15:13, 18, 24). Then James gave the Non-Jewish church some things to do, and said, "...These guidelines are sufficient to keep RELATIONS congenial BETWEEN US. And God be with you."-(Acts 15:29 MSG.). You see when it comes to Good Works, he says "BETWEEN US". So don't conflict Paul with James. They both believe in Grace. 
As Grace preachers, we FOCUS more on GOD TO MAN, than MAN TO MAN, bcos whatever you freely receive from Him, you'll freely give and express to men, and Good Works are established. Jesus said it like this, "Freely you have received (from God), Freely give (to man)"-(Matthew 10:8). We focus more on Right Believing, knowing its the ROOT of Right Living! Good Works itself, is a manifestation of God's will and pleasure in action, not yours.-(see Philippians 2:13) This is why its good to study scriptures in context, to avoid the Valley of Contradiction and Confusion. 
Faith is a SPIRIT-(2 Corinthians 4:13), and Spirits cannot die, so "Faith without works is dead", does NOT mean your faith can die if it lacks works. It simply means, "your Faith becomes of No Effect to your brother". Its got nothing to do with God, Salvation or Righteousness. You're ALREADY justified by His Grace. Remember, we don't do good to score points with God, Good Works is simply an outflow of the Love of God shed abroad in our hearts being expressed. 
So let brotherly love continue. James is to the Jews, and Paul is to the Gentiles. Grace be with you.

