---
title: "post 2227"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\October\post_2227.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:05:32.929203
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

GOOD? 2 biblical kinds in Greek: good [kalos] & good [agathos]. 
GOODNESS? 2 kinds: goodness [chrestotes] & goodness [agathosyne]. 
Of such twain, the only true & only wise God is only "one".
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
When 
called "Good[agathos] Master", Jesus said why call him good[agathos], for there is none good[agathos] but "one": God (Mt 19:16,17). 
So true God is only grace good [agathos]; 
Not both law good [kalos] and law evil [kakos].
Paul also noted, of twain kinds of good (kalos & agathos) in Rom 7, when he would still do law good [kalos], then law evil [kakos: harm: concupiscence] was still present with him. 
So, in Heb 5:14 Paul notes we need full age excercised senses to be able to discern (aka to avoid) "both good [kalos] and evil [kakos]".
An interesting thing is Paul seems to allegorically contrast 2 kinds of God [Theos] by use 2 kinds of goodness (in greek). 
Eg: 
Romans 11:22 allegory portrays if Law is your "God", then what to "behold" is both law goodness [chrestotes] and severity. Therein law goodness is conditional ("if") and has severity (harm) attached.
So we ought to put away Law as God to have only Grace as God; For grace goodness [agathosyne] isn't conditional nor has any severity (harm) attached. 
Also interesting, in greek, law goodness [chrestotes] & grace goodness [agathosyne] NT occur 9 times: 
1stly 5 mentions of  'chrestotes', 
lastly 4 mentions of 'agathosyne'. 
Such a 5/4 ratio also occurs in the 9 fruit aspects of the Spirit, where grace goodness [agathosyne] doesn't yet occur until 6th fruit: Gal 5:22,23, as if in the last 4 aspects.
Seems a lesson to learn about such hidden mystery being made known by Spirit prompting us to search & then revealing things by revelation, is 
if we remain in 2SonsJesus: both Son of God & Son of man, twain can still result in both good & harm. 
So also if we let our God still be both grace & law, it can also end badly, with law harm.
God of "all grace" has no law in him to harm any: 1Pet 5:10; 
As "that God" is light has "no darkness in him at all": 1Jn 1:5. 
What are your insights about 
law good [kalos] vs grace good [agathos]?
law goodness [chrestotes] vs grace goodness [agathosyne]?
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

