---
title: "post 2971"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\August\post_2971.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2023
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T18:26:44.785958
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Why do some people commit evil acts? One biblical reason is law, "concupiscence" of law, even a seemingly good law like "love thy neighbour" in Matthew 22:35-40. 
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
While it may sound good to love thy neighbour, Jesus noted the flaw thereof such a law in Matthew 5:43 was that along with "love thy neighbour" comes "hate thine enemy"; 
So, 
it's both love and hate, ends badly,
even as badly as both good and evil = lastly reverse of live.
So, Jesus, as new high priest of law, made a change of the law. Yet love your enemies, still law (not yet grace), still has jeopardy. It's as if Jesus made it harder, as if to make it impossible to keep the law.
Apostle Paul also noted his trouble with this law in Romans 7, where he calls love thy neighbour "another law", because it's called "the second" (law commandment) in Mt 22:39. 
Paul notes this law brought him in "captivity" again, and did all manner of "concupiscence" on him, making him do things he would not, and hindering him from doing things he would, then hounded him with a guilt trip till he felt as "wretched" as PTSD, even suicidal. 
So, Paul clarifies in Romans 7:6 "we are delivered from the law", as if in response to the Mt 6:13 & Lk 11:4 prayer line "deliver us from evil"; For in Colossians 3:5 Paul calls the law "evil concupiscence". 
Paul says in Romans 7:10 this law he'd thought to be a commandment unto life turned out to be unto death.
So, we should put away the law, even the seemingly good law to love thy neighbour, for when studied out it's neither grace-us nor harmless. It (concupiscence of law) can turn a good intentioned priest into a pedophile, or vex a good intentioned soldier with PTSD so bad he becomes suicidal.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

