---
title: "post 1796"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\August\post_1796.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2019
comments: 2
shares: 7
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:40:42.540096
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WISDOM that is "from above" is "first pure". First Pure What?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
James 3:15-17's contrast of 2 wisdoms has interesting things to notice. Let's investigate what:
Wisdom1: "earthly, sensual, devilish" wisdom "descendeth not from above". So, Because it's "not from above", he says: 
Where: envying[zelos] & strife
There: confusion[akatastasia] & every evil work.
But
Wisdom2: "that is from above is first pure"; So, when it's "first pure" & descendeth "from above", "then" it's seven things:
- peaceable,
- gentle, and
- easy to be entreated, 
- full of mercy and
- good fruits,
- without partiality, and
- without hypocrisy (aka it has no leaven)
It's interesting to search & notice, in greek, when wisdom is "from above" & "first pure" is mentioned; Then no more bible mention of envying[zelos] nor of confusion[akatastasia]. Then both 'zelos' & 'akatastasia' things cease to be mentioned.
So my post question is: if the wisdom that is "from above" (not earthly, sensual, devilish) is "first pure", then "pure" what? 
Seems what James is allegory portraying is what Paul said: "Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ". So then it seems "pure" would be:
- pure Grace (void of laws, as if then void of flaw finding),
- pure mercy (void of sacrifices, as if void of blood shed),
- pure peace (void of confusion, as if then void of strife).
Seems to be pure "truth" (void of lies), from the "God that cannot lie"; Which Titus 1:2 calls "eternal life", which that God "promised" before the world began. Seems to be pure "life" (void of death) as being pure "sweet" (void of bitter).  
Seems why the end of the biblical story (allegory, mystery) has only mention of "grace" that is "with you all":
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

