---
title: "post 1649"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\February\post_1649.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2019
comments: 2
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:20:24.202505
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

There's law purging after forgiven: Colossians 2:11→14, to then also put on perfectness Above forgiving: Col 3:11→14. 
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
In Col 2:11-14 Paul allegory describes crucified with Christ as if the "operation of God" needed to remove deadly sins. When risen with Christ (as if awakened from a successful operation) then it's first realized God has forgiven you all 
trespasses. Yet there's more, the "blotting out" (aka mind purging) of all ordinances (laws) ever hand written written against us. 
Paul goes on in Col 2 to admonishingly advise saints at Colosse not to still be subject to ordinances, but "touch not, taste not, handle not" any biblical laws; And because he notes all are to perish with the using. As if to reveal law is like extinction, by being both good + evil (lastly reverse of live).
Then in Col 3:11-14 Paul lists 7 new man things to put on (after listing old man things to first put off). Yet after these 7 (as things above = 'ano' in Col 3:1,2) then says: And above ('epi' = higher than 'ano' above) all these put on charity (agape2, more excellent than love = agape1), in 1Cor 13:5 thinketh no evil (no reverse of live, aka no law, neither to punish nor even to forgive) and calls it perfectness:
8 charity: perfectness above(epi) forgiving
7 forgiving one another. 
6 forbearing one another.
5 longsuffering.
4 meekness.
3 humblenesss of mind.
2 kindness.
1 bowels of mercies 
So then, charity (never fails: 1Cor 13:8) is the 8th, above 7. This 8th, above 7, also occurs in Eph 4:4-6 & in 2Pet 1:5-7. 
In Eph 4:4-6 Father is 8th above 7 one's:
8 And Father: above all & through all & in you all
7 one God
6 one baptism
5 one faith
4 one Lord 
3 one hope
2 one Spirit
1 one body
In 2Pet 1:5-7 KJV charity is again 8th above 7:
8 charity
7 brotherly kindness
6 godliness
5 patience
4 temperance (from Gal 5)
3 knowledge
2 virtue
1 your faith
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus Christ" [be/is] with you all. Amen.

