---
title: "post 2720"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\March\post_2720.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T22:27:21.632032
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: -M-a-r--c-----h-----8,--2----0---2-3--
---

## Content

GO and LEARN what that {in Hosea 6:6 allegory) meaneth:
I will have mercy, and not sacrifice. ~Matthew 9:13a
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Let's notice the OT/NT revealing that God doesn't desire sacrifice;
And 
Learn the allegory meaning of I will have mercy, and not sacrifice.
Psalm 40:6
Sacrifice and offering thou didst not desire; mine ears hast thou opened: burnt offering and sin offering hast thou not required...
Psalm 51:16
For thou desirest not sacrifice; else would I give it: thou delightest not in burnt offering.
Hosea 6:6
For I desired mercy, and not sacrifice; and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings.
Matthew 9:13
But GO ye and LEARN what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Matthew 12:7
But if ye had known what this meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice, ye would not have condemned the guiltless.
Hebrews 10:8
Above when he said, Sacrifice and offering and burnt offerings and offering for sin thou wouldest not, neither hadst pleasure therein; which are OFFERED (for sin) BY THE LAW;
Hmmm
Seems it may mean God will have grace, and not law,
As if to also mean God will have life, and not death.
What are your insights about such?
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

