---
title: "post 2101"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\March\post_2101.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:43:36.473081
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -Jan---------u-ar---------y-----9,-2-0--21--
---

## Content

Amen and Awomen Congressional prayer: YIKES or LOL?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Emanuel Cleaver's prayer to open 117th USA Congress Jan 3 began with Eternal God, we bow before your throne of grace...; But then concluded with We ask it in the name of the monotheistic (Hindu) God: Bramha & God known by many names & by many faiths. Amen and Awomen.  3 days later, Jan 6, Capital Hill got invaded by a 
riotous mob, incited by POTUS, resulting in 5 dead. Hmmm...
The double Amen and Awomen prayer ending reminded me of the first biblical mention of Amen in Numbers 5:22, which was a double (Big, little) "Amen, amen" of "woman", as if to being both blessed and cursed by her (law) priest:
Numbers 5:22 KJV:
"And this water that causeth the curse shall go into thy bowels, to make thy belly to swell, and thy thigh to rot: And the woman shall say, Amen, amen". 
Although Romans has 7 Amens (allegory as if a 7 course meal), it begins & ends with "grace", concluding in Romans 16:27 with:
"To God only wise, be glory through Jesus Christ for ever. Amen". Interesting a "gospel of Christ" notes "through Jesus→Christ".
What are your thoughts about such things?
FYI: The last biblical "Amen" now goes to different things in different bible versions, with most modern versions (by Y2Ks) even removing the word "Christ" from "the end" Jesus had Mt 24:13 said to "endure unto" to be saved. Hmmm...
Seems since Y2Ks, when "Christ" got removed from the end of most bibles; Then leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law' (not Grace to you, and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ). So then media (both news & weather) began reporting "worst" scenarios & "death tolls"; "Worst" being only an OT word. Hmmm... 
So of what the last "Amen" goes to, I like Revelation 22:21 in KJV, which does not remove "Christ" (is the end of the law: Rom 10:4):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

