---
title: "post 1360"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\January\post_1360.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2018
comments: 22
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:50:06.742842
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

A mature Christian should no longer post quotes from OLD Testament. Why?
Reasons:
1. Old Testament = "time past" (BC of BC/AD), and it's now AD, which only goes one way: FORward to UPward. In Bible, BC time is now accounted as BACKward, and Hebrews 10:39 calls it a "drawback to perdition" (not salvation). So Hebrews 1:1,2 clarifies "God" has NOT spoken to us in "time past".
2. 
Old Testament = "law and prophets"; So Heb 1:1,2 also clarifies "God" has NOT spoken to us by "prophets", but in last days by "Son" = not sons, nor even Sons; So not even  by 2SonsJesus in Mt-Acts, but 1SonChrist in Rom-fwd.
3. Son of God: Jesus Christ said in Luke 5:36,37 the new AGREETH NOT with the old; So we should not put new wine (grace) in old bottles (laws), lest it result in burst. 
4. in a learning game of Seek and Find there's three modes: 
cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot. So quote from Old Testament is  allegory like still be in cOLD mode, not even yet LukeWarm.
5. Law (Old) and Grace (New) do not mix. Such are "contrary things". So Christ abolished the law and refused "mingled" drink TWICE, as if from both sides of the cross.
6. Sure, the New Testament still has many Old Testament quotes; But also clarifies in 2Cor 5:17 KJV if any "man" (of babe, child, man) be in "Christ" mode (of through our Lord Jesus Christ), then it's "all things new", for then the old things (baby & childish things) have passed away.
7. We are not the body of Adam, nor even the body of Jesus; But the "body of Christ"; Wherein we are told "be no more children"... "grow up" unto the "fulness" of Christ, which is graceful, merciful, peaceful (Old Testament is not).

