---
title: "post 3311"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\April\post_3311.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2024
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T21:25:28.495764
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M--a------rc--h--3---,----2--0---2--4
---

## Content

BIBLICAL JOHN? 
things to be aware of, as John's writings can be tricky.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
- 
James & John surnamed Boanerges = sons of thunder. They moved the ten to indignation*. 
*indignation is 1st of 4 consequences for them still being contentious in Romans 2:8,9.
- James & John had to be rebuked for being so contention (aka law) minded they thought to call down fire from heaven to consume a village: Luke 9 :54,55. 
- John's gospel account is the only double "Verily, verily" account of four. Such "Verily, verily" is allegory like double (Big, little) "Amen, amen" of woman to being both Blessed, cursed by law priest: Numbers 5:22; 
And allegory like "Master, master": Luke 8:24 is two many masters.
- While John's gospel is the most popular of four, it's notable the book of John has NO mention of mercy. This is odd, since in Mt 9:13 Jesus had noted the will of God, from Hosea 6:6, was: I will have mercy, not sacrifice (as if allegory for only true & wise God will have grace, not law, to thereby have life, not death, for all).
- John's writings have no mention of "revelation"; And he's the only NT writer to mention "antichrist". In contrast Paul's writings have no mention of antichrist, and 10 mentions of "revelation".
- John was among 11 upbraided (Mk 16) and 7 gone fishing (Jn 21) after crucifixion.
- John implies he's more beloved & truthful, but it's only 'according to John', who's writings can be tricky without discernment. 
Eg: 
in John 5:25-29 his 2 voices of Jesus as both Son of God & Son man say both "live" & "judgement[krisis] also" = bad end of twain; and his two resurrections: of life + of damnation = bad end of twain; As if law's good and evil = bad end of twain. 
And 
his triple mention of "life eternal" is the reverse of "eternal life", allegory like "evil" is reverse of "live".
- John is named among three top dogs who "seemed" to be pillars in Galatians 2:9; Then it's asked "Who" bewitched you in Gal 3:1. 
Seems John may have been one who bewitched 7 churches of Galatia established by Paul & 7 who accompanied him in Acts 20:4.
- John may have turned all in Asia away from Paul.
So,
Then in Philippians 3:2 Paul mentions beware of dogs (allegory as if law dogs). 
2Peter 2:22 notes this: it happened: The dog [is] "turned" to his own vomit again. Hmmm, seems in Revelation 1:12 John "turned" to what was "behind" him.
- 1John has famous mention of love, but has NO mention of grace, NOR of mercy, NOR of peace. This is ODD, since John 1:17 first mentioned grace and truth came by Jesus Christ. 1John is written to "my little children", perhaps allegory as if to John's law children. 1John themes keep the commandments (aka the law).
- 1John 3:10's contrast of 2 kinds of children to be is children of God & children of the devil = bad ending (of reversed order). ODD. Perhaps it's why Paul previously said, twice, be not children.
-1John 4:6's contrast of 2 kinds of spirits to try is spirit of truth & spirit of error = bad end (of reversed order), should end with truth. ODD For John 16:13 had noted Spirit of truth will guide you into all truth (no error as good end). 
- AKJV Title of Book of Revelation is 
"The Revelation (uncovering) of St  John". 
In Ephesians 4:12, it noted saints still need perfecting. 
So...
- prior to 1,2,3John's writings, in 1Peter 5:10, it reveals being made perfect is by "the God of all grace". 
- idioms for John include victimizer, toilet, johnny law, etc.
(clarity: not to bash John, but by request to help awareness)
The End, to ENDure unto to be saved (only by grace only): Revelation 22:21 KJV, is notably NEVER the salutation of John, but only the grace salutation of Paul, who thrice noted he always penned it with his "own hand" (as to sign-fy it's Paul's writing), as noted in 
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
HMMM,
based on that info, it may reveal Paul as the sign-ified author of Revelation, perhaps written as a spoof on John getting "turned" to what's "behind" him: Rev 1:10,12 (aka turned back to law), including what John wrote to bewitch the churches Paul established.
The End: Revelation 22:21 KJV (aka Paul's had written salutation):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

