---
title: "post 3191"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3191.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:07:20.623508
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

TWOEDGED SWORD?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
What are the biblical ALLEGORY meanings for:
Hebrews 4:12's word [logos] of God is SHARPER THAN ANY TWOEDGED SWORD [machaira]?
and
Revelation 1:16's out of his mouth went a SHARP TWOEDGED SWORD [rhomphaia]?
TWOEDGED SWORD 1st mentioned in Psalms 149:6,7 is to execute vengeance upon the heathen, and punishments upon the people. 
Again in Proverbs 5:4 it occurs to describe a strange woman whose end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a TWOEDGED SWORD. 
So, it could reason Hebrews 4:12 saying the word [logos] of God is "sharper than any twoedged sword [machaira]" may allegory mean Grace is smarter than Law.
It could also reason Revelation 1:16 saying a sharp twoedged sword that went out of the mouth of a figure dressed as an OT law priest (not Jesus Christ = grace & truth) could allegory mean such law is neither the word [logos] of God nor the grace of God.
What makes it a bit complex to study out is there are two kinds of "word" of God in Greek: rhema & logos; 
Also two kinds of "sword": rhomphaia & machaira.
sword [machaira] of the Spirit is the word [rhema] of God: Eph 6:17.
Jesus 1st said he did not come to send nor give peace on earth, but a sword [machaira] and division: Mt 10:34 & Lk 12:51. So John 7:43 notes there was division (not peace) among the people because of him. 
It's not until Lk 24:36 (also Jn 14:27 & 20:19,21) he says Peace.
What are your insights about such mystery & allegory things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

