---
title: "post 1375"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\February\post_1375.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:53:12.912676
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Greatest: And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three, but the "greatest" of these is "charity": 1Cor 13:13 KJV. 
Why is "charity" (not love) called "greatest" of three?
Why is a "more excellent way" called "charity" in KJV?
Why go on unto "greatest" of great, greater, greatest?
Seems it because
after our "faith" is first authored & finished by "Jesus", then we may go on to "hope" mode, to become hopeful in "Christ" mode of "through our Lord Jesus Christ",
and 
- when our hope is hope-ful (by grow up in Christ to fulness of Christ, by be no more children, but man of child/man, notably 'aner' man who puts away childish things: 1Cor 13:11) 
- then there's also leaving hope-ful mode to also go on to "charity never faileth", as unto "greatest" mode of three: 
Allegory as if to go on unto "greatest" mode of these three modes: great, greater, greatest (faith, hope, charity). 
Why "charity" (as if even yet more than "love")?
For
charity "thinketh no evil" (no reverse of live): 1Cor 13:5 KJV
So
when it comes to charity never faileth: 1Cor 13:8, then
- whether there be prophecies, they shall fail;
- whether there be tongues, they shall cease;
- whether there be knowledge(gnosis), it shall vanish away*
*for 1Tim 2:4 notes
God our Saviour (as if 3rd of 3 Saviours) will have 
- all men saved (by grace, thru faith & hope), "and" 
- come to the knowledge('epignosis') of the truth (as if to yet a higher truth knowledge than 'gnosis' knowledge)
For re knowledge, there's two JC kinds in greek mode:
- the (high) 'gnosis' knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ,
- (higher) 'epignosis' knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ
So when to comes to "charity never faileth", it's like we leave the 'gnosis' knowledge mode of our Lord Jesus Christ, to also go on unto the 'epignosis' knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ;
As if our awareness may also go "far above...": Eph 1:21... as also "ascended" to "far above all heavens(plural)": Eph 4:10... as then made "higher than the heavens" on high: Heb 7:26... is as go on unto "the God of all grace": 1Pet 5:10, who will not only make you perfect, after ye have suffered a while, but also stablish, strengthen, settle you.
Settle you is like "greatest" of 3: great, greater, greatest modes.
Why?
So when greatest of three, then we can no longer get suckered to be 'great again' by any "great voice" from "behind", as of a Trump-et: Revelation 1:10. 
For only greater mode can still two ways: either
- backward to 'great again' (as if to cold of cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot) 
or 
- forward to "greatest" (as if to Hot of cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot).
Since AD only goes one way: 
- first FORward, through our Lord Jesus Christ (from great to greater)
- then also UPward through Christ to God-ward (greatest of three),
let's all go on to greatest mode

