---
title: "post 2824"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\May\post_2824.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T23:42:54.089854
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: --M-a-------y--2-0,---20---23------
---

## Content

Of GOOD [kalos] & GOOD [agathos], God is only GOOD [agathos].
Let's investigate the biblical good vs good difference.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Jesus, in John 10:11,14 called himself the good [kalos] shepherd.
But in Matthew 19:17 Jesus said only one: God: is good [agathos].
So Jesus made a contrast between good [kalos] & good [agathos].
Paul notes in Rom 7:21 when good [kalos], evil [kakos] is present.
So it's like allegory say law is both good [kalos] and evil [kakos].
Seems like 
it's law is both good & evil vs grace is only good as contrast.
Matthew 19:16,17
And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good [agathos] Master, what good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
And he said unto him, Why callest thou me good [agathos]? there is none good [agathos] but one, that is, God:
So Jesus allegory noted, that when made under the law (Gal 4:4), he was a (law) good [kalos] shepherd; And contrast noted God is good [agathos]; Perhaps to allegory contrast law good and grace good.
Romans 8:28
And we know that all things work together for good [agathos] to them that love God (God is good: agathos)...
So then
when people say God is always good, they mean 'agathos', and because the 'kalos' good seems both good [kalos] and evil [kakos].
What are your insights about good [kalos] & good [agathos]?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

