---
title: "post 1786"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\August\post_1786.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2019
comments: 1
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:38:49.875550
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Do Modern Bibles solve the problem by remove Christ from their end to endure unto in Revelation 22:21?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Seems most Modern Bible readers are unaware of many changes made that are as if dangerous helps, especially the removal of "Christ" from their story end. It's like say endure unto the end to be saved, then remove Saviour of the world, to have more apocalyptic 
episodes to watch for the hell of it.
Odd thing is, when many are made aware of such, they'll say it matters not, for Jesus is Christ, which was just his title. 
So let's consider some biblical Jesus & Christ differences:
- Jesus was made under the law, who made change of the law from OT law to NT better law as new high priest; But
- Christ is the end of the law, not just mend of the law
- Jesus was only called Saviour of Israel; But
- Christ is called Savioiur of the world
- Jesus was 2 Sons: NT Son of God & OT Son of man, with 2 voices: live & judgment also (John 5:25-29); But
- the gospel of Christ, in Romans→fwd, has no mention of Son of man, only Son of God, and is through Jesus→Christ.
- in 2 Sons Jesus mode it can not yet be all things new; But
- in Christ all things new, for then old things have passed away
- in Jesus mode it was Nay to peace on earth, but rather a sword & division: Mt 10:34 & Lk 12:51; But
- in Christ mode he's our peace by having abolished the law: Eph 2:14,15
So it reasons remove Christ from the end causes bwd←BC. It's evidenced by news & weather reporting "worst" scenarios, for the word "worst" only biblical occurs in OT Ezekiel 7:24. 
So for the story that ends well for all see Rev 22:21 KJV: 
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

