---
title: "post 2379"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\April\post_2379.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2022
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:48:49.357062
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Apri-l--26----,----------2-0--------2-2--
---

## Content

PRAISE REPORT: GLORY TO GOD 
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
For Orthodox Easter time period my region (S.E. Saskatchewan) had been weather forecasted to have a 2nd and more harmful Winter storm in Spring, a 2nd storm for a 2nd Easter this year. 
Since a 1st storm at 1st Easter had knee deep snow that locked my car in driveway for several days, worsened by a snow plough piling snow in front of driveway to the point it needed a bobcat (not shovel) to free the car. So I was anxious about 2nd bad forecast. 
BUT THEN Spirit of grace & truth prompted me to rise up in spirit to pray against bad forecasted harmful weather, saying NO STORM for me & my region; Also to speak to the inbound storm saying "Peace, be still", and give thanks for non-harmful weather...
RESULT WAS my region got spared, even had sunshine, while regions eastward had bad results: no electric power nor telephone due to wind, both snow & rain to point of roads closed & floods.
While rejoicing, giving praise & glory to God, I also felt a bit of sadness about hearing bad results for other regions; Thinking OOPS: should not have been so selfish nor small minded, but should have requested non-harmful weather for all regions. 
So I remind myself the (no harm) end of the biblical story doesn't just say you, but you ALL:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you ALL. Amen.

