---
title: "post 0145"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\May\post_0145.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T20:43:39.241028
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery: NT's thrice mention of "because of him"
is first mentioned in Mt 27 about suffered in a "dream",
and this word dream = 'onar' = of uncertain derivation,
is notably mentioned six times in Matthew. So, FYI:
BECAUSE OF HIM x3:
- Matthew 27:19 KJV (re suffer in a dream because of him)
When he* (*Pilate) was set down on the judgment seat, his wife sent unto him, saying, Have thou nothing to do with that just man: for I have suffered many things this day in a dream BECAUSE OF HIM* (*aka Jesus). 
- John 7:43 KJV (bracket connected to Lk 12:51)
So there was a division (not peace: Lk 12:51) among the people BECAUSE OF HIM* (*aka Son of man Jesus). 
- Revelation 1:7 KJV (result of him like Son of man coming)
Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they [also] which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail BECAUSE OF HIM. Even so, Amen" (*but not the last Amen). 
DREAM x6:
- Matthew 1:20 KJV's DREAM
But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a DREAM, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost* (*but Holy Ghost = unpardonable sin: Mt 12:32). 
- Matthew 2:12 KJV's DREAM
And being warned of God in a DREAM that they should not return to Herod, they* (*magi) departed into their own country another way. 
- Matthew 2:13 KJV's DREAM
And when they were departed, behold, the angel of the Lord appeareth to Joseph in a DREAM, saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and be thou there until I bring thee word: for Herod will seek the young child to destroy him. 
- Matthew 2:19 KJV's DREAM
But when Herod was dead, behold, an angel of the Lord appeareth in a DREAM to Joseph in Egypt, 
- Matthew 2:22 KJV's DREAM
But when he heard that Archelaus did reign in Judaea in the room of his father Herod, he was afraid to go thither: notwithstanding, being warned of God in a DREAM, he turned aside into the parts of Galilee: 
- Matthew 27:19 KJV's DREAM
When he was set down on the judgment seat, his wife sent unto him, saying, Have thou nothing to do with that just man: for I have suffered many things this day in a DREAM because of him.
Perhaps what such things reveal, when studied out,
is, of two Sons Jesus, Son of man is the nasty one;
Seems he's the one, of twain, who said "slay [them]".
So then, if he comes again, result of it will ww wail.

