---
title: "post 1847"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\November\post_1847.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2019
comments: 2
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T09:58:08.640593
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Question: if Paul says God "and" Father: is it allegory as Love & Grace from heavenly Mother & Father? Let's investigate.
Grace, mercy, peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Let's notice Pauls 3 mentions of both God "and" Father:
Ephesians 4:4-6
Lists 7 one's, "God" as 7th, then "and Father" of all (as 8th, above 7), who is "above all, and through all, and in you all".
Colossians 2:2 
notes "acknowledgement" of the "mystery" as if triple:
of God, "and of the Father", and of Christ; 
Perhaps as if it's allegory denoting a triple mystery:
of Mother, and of the Father, and of true Son.
Colossians 3:17
Whether in word or deed, do all in the "name" of the Lord Jesus, as giving thanks to God, "and the Father" by him.
Seems in Galatians 4:26, after note such things (plural) are an allegory, Paul says free Jerusalem above is "mother" of us all.
While 1John says "God" is "love"[agape], and Paul noted this "love" of "God" is inseparable in Rom 8; It's interesting Paul begins epistles with "Grace" to you is from God "our Father".
Seems although God is love, we find love is always "Jesus" noted as a commandment (ordinance, rule, law), even in the case of his "new commandment" to Love one another. Yet Paul notes love of God in "Christ" mode is a persuasion.
And...
Paul's holy kiss greet of "Grace" from God "our Father" is not as a commandment, but as a greeting that brings "peace" from all 3: God, our Father, and "the" Lord Jesus Christ.
Yet
later in 1Timothy Paul adds mercy to his Grace greeting, as being from God, our Father, and "our" Lord Jesus Christ. Seems why is because Jesus Christ had noted in Lk 6:36 your "Father" in heaven is "merciful"; As why "God" concluded them all (of them/us) in unbelief to then have mercy upon all. 
What's my point of this post? Grace is from God our Father.
Seems some now say Love is all there is and no need for Grace; But in NT there's 7 kinds of love in greek (possible confusion if not clarified which kind of love), 
and 
even of the love[agape] God is, Jesus had Mt 24:12 said even this love[agape] of many "shall wax cold" when iniquity shall abound, as if drawn←back to cOLD←>LukeWarm→Hot. 
If all we need is love, why did "grace and truth" come by Jesus Christ? Why no mention of grace, nor mercy, nor peace in all of 1John, which many now quote from about love? 
Interesting "mystery" details to notice, ponder, discuss.
Why does the end of biblical KJV story say this:
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

