---
title: "post 0399"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2015\April\post_0399.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2015
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-10T02:23:09.793601
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Story Time (Re Easter, mentioned in Acts 12:4)
ADVENTURES of Simon, son of Jonas, called Peter, Satan, Cephas.
- in 
four gospels he's 1 of 12 chosen from many, also in top 3 (3 top dogs) at transfiguration = cloud-y = talk of decease; Yet also called Satan in Matthew 16:23 and fore-told he'd later get 'epistrepho' converted in Luke 22:32; For he denied Jesus thrice (perhaps twice), and went ←back fishing for fish, in night, instead of fishing for men as told to do.
- in plural Acts (of plural Apostles), after seeing Jesus ascend to the clouds (another cloud-y thing), Peter organizes an election (casting of lots) whereby Matthias replaces Judas, so the "upbraided" eleven could be a new (dirty) dozen, upon whom came the Holy Ghost. Then Peter's a Holy Ghost preacher who even does miraculous things; 
Yet he was not at all merciful to Ananias & Saphira, and still dissimulated at Antioch1 where they were first called (plural) Christians in Acts 11. His dissimulation even carried away Joses from Cyprus (surnamed Barnabas), who tried being mediator between Peter & Saul (later called Paul in Acts 13). 
So then, it reasons Peter is still not yet 'epistrepho' converted,
 not even when they were first called Christians. So 
God chooses Saul to become Paul: his witness unto all men (including Peter).
- in Acts 12 Peter's bound and in jail during Easter (a day that can seem like a 1000 yrs), but loosed (like Satan bound and loosed in Revelation), and although details are scarce, Peter seems to go underground (as an escaped fugitive of the Roman Empire), perhaps using the name Cephas, perhaps later surfacing in Italy as first Pope (according to Roman Catholic Chruch), whose bishop, John, seems to bewitch churches Apostle Paul established.
So then, it reasons Peter is still not yet 'epistrepho' converted (Lk 22:32, different from 'strepho' converted in Mt 18:3) as Jesus foretold he would be in Luke 22:32, and then strengthen (not weaken) his brethren (many of whom were scatter-brained). So... 
So nothing is written about Peter from Romans to Hebrews, except five mentions in Galatians, none being flattering.
- however in the general epistles of Peter we find change, evidence he'd read all Paul's epistles, and he then seems to say similar things as Paul. Eg: Then, more like Paul, he's a JC writing to CJs, saying the Paul things like "Grace unto you, and peace"; Also love one another with a "pure heart", and greet brethren with a holy kiss of "charity" (grace 'agape' that doesn't wax cold, nor ever fail); And do it fervently (hot zeal, not feigned). 
So mention of CJ, which began in Acts, ends in 1Peter 5, where it notes the God of all grace make you perfect after ye suffer awhile in CJ mode 
(perhaps b/c Paul had noted in 2Timothy 3:12 that all who will live godly in CJ shall suffer, and suffer is before of 1Peter 5:10's ye/you = before/after ).
- in 2Peter3 he even uses allegory, like Paul did in Galatians 4, saying be not ignorant one day [is] as a thousand years and a thousand years as one day, almost as if he'd read Revelation (perhaps also authored by Paul, if it has Paul's token at end, which is always hand signed by Paul to signify it)
So then, it reasons Peter, called Satan, did get 'epistrepho' converted; 
But before such he was admittedly like a dog turned to his own vomit. Interesting stuff.
Peter's last words: NotYet TheEnd
"grow in grace, and [in] the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. 
To him [be] glory both now and for ever. Amen".
Paul's last words: TheEnd to ENDure unto:
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen".


