---
title: "post 3549"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\October\post_3549.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T22:34:56.900667
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

POSITIVE: DELAY on USA/Israel WAR against Iran:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Seems, according to analysts, we were on knife-edge of WW3.
So,
Thank God that 5 Arab countries have declared themselves to be NEUTRAL in Israel/USA -vs- Iran/Russia that could lead to WW3:
Saudi Arabia,
Qatar (has USA military base),
UAE,
Bahrain (has USA military base),
Kuwait.
NOTE: being NEUTRAL involves NON-ALLOWANCE of air space to be used by either side, and NON-ALLOWANCE of USA military bases in their countries to be used against Iran. 
So, 
this action has hindered/delayed Israel/USA plans to first strike Iranian land.
In addition, Russia has supplied Iran with air defense systems, and convinced Iran to delay war threats until BRICS summit of peace, where/when about 40 countries desire to join BRICS system, including Turkiye, a NATO country. 
For, because Iran is now in BRICS, Russia is going to give Iran a military agreement (to be signed at BRICS) to defend Iran.
In addition, China, which gets much oil from Iran, has indicated it will not sit by and watch Iran destroyed. Yet China, so far, is more involved in economic warfare instead of military warfare. China was able to patch up a Saudi -vs- Iran religious conflict, and promote trade deals with both Shia/Sunny factions.
In addition, Iraq military factions have indicated it will shoot down bombers and re-fuel planes going to Iran via Iraq air space.
It is only 2 weeks until BRICS summit hosted by Russia. Even NATO/EU country Hungary is invited, as it's leader Orban has proposed peace with Russia and reformation of EU madness.
USA has told Israel it canNOT keep it's war ships in middle east forever; And has advised Israel against attacking Iran at this time.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

