---
title: "post 2073"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\January\post_2073.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2021
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:31:13.768503
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

FYI: QUARANTINE aspect (format) of Paul's Epistles:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Let's see how/why, in Paul's Epistles, by open (greeting) & close (salutation) with GRACE, he allegorically quarantines mention of law (allegoric virus) between Grace & Grace; As if the only safe way to look at a deadly virus (law: sin: death) is in a quarantined mode. 
Eg:
The 
format (to quarantine law) aspect of Paul's Epistles:
Greeting: GRACE to you, and peace, from God our Father...
Discussion: of law vs grace, Christ abolished law to be peace.
Salutation: The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all.
Amen.
Life Coaches call this Pauline Epistle Format a PEP talk:
POSITIVE: Grace greeting, and edification to brethren
EVALUATION: speaking edification & exhortation & comfort
POSITIVE: Grace salutation, as if then even more pure positive.
This aspect is also notable for Paul's 14 collective epistles:
BEGIN: Romans 1:7 GRACE & peace from God our Father
JOURNEY: with Apostle Paul thru Romans unto Hebrews
END: Hebrews 13:25 GRACE be with you all. Amen.
Paul notes in Philippians in 3:1, Rejoice, for although I write the same (aka the Jesus Christ: grace & truth) things to you (over & over in epistles) it is not grevious to me, but for you it is "SAFE".
(reminded me of SAFE mode in an apocalyptic COVID pandemic) 
For non-KJV readers this format also occurs for the entire Bible:
BEGIN: Epistle Dedicatory: 3 best wishes: GRACE, mercy, peace.
Journey: Genesis to Revelation
END: The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
And for those who haven't noticed, the end to endure unto in KJV (Rev 22:21) is the GRACE salutation (token) of Paul (not John), which Paul thrice noted he always penned with his own hand:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

