---
title: "post 2432"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\May\post_2432.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2022
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:58:28.386111
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M-a-y---1----4------,--20-------2-2
---

## Content

Biblical FAVOUR [charis] differs from (is not) GRACE [charis]
even though "favour" & "grace" both mean 'charis' in Greek.
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
I 
never would have thought to search & notice how favour & grace differ until prompted of the Spirit, for the sake of awareness. I was surprised to see/learn neither favour nor grace occur in Matthew or Mark, not until Luke...
Then in Luke to Acts (LukeWarm mode), although both favour & grace occur (favour 6x, grace 15x), such favour & grace 'charis' occurances differ in English. 
For "favour" is lastly requested "against", and to "kill" Paul: noted in Acts 25:3. 
In contrast "grace" is never against nor would ever kill. 
So 
favour never occurs beyond Acts; But grace occurs over 100x more. 
Paul's holy kiss greetings do not say favour, but Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ; Also Grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Seems why, is favour implied partiality. So Paul Romans 2:11 clarified there is no respect of persons (aka no partiality) with God.
Notice/learn about this later helped me to notice & question when hear famous preachers like Joel Osteen or Joseph Prince implying we should stir up and/or believe we can have favour with God. Not said to accuse good preachers, but to aware favour & grace differ.
Interesting details about the "mystery" of God & Father & Christ.
What are your insights or comments on favour is not grace?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

