---
title: "post 3203"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3203.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:08:31.274379
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery Question re 1Corinthians 15:22-48:
Is "Christ" the "last Adam" 
or perhaps not any Adam, but 3rd of 3:
first man Adam→last Adam→Christ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Seems most bible readers perceive "Christ" as "last Adam" of first & last Adams (soul & spirit) noted in 
1Corinthians 15:45 KJV 
And so it is written, The first man [anthropos] Adam was made a living soul [psyche]; the last Adam was made a quickening spirit [pneuma].
BUT...
1Cor 15:22 KJV had previously said:
"For as in Adam all die; even so in Christ shall all be made alive".
So,
"as in Adam all die" could include both first "Adam" & last "Adam".
Last "Adam" is still an "Adam" in whom all die.
Such could make "Christ" DIFFERENT than both first "Adam" & last "Adam" noted in 1Cor 15:45;
Especially since Adam1=anthropos & Adam2=anthropos in Greek.
note: 
Romans 3:4 said let God be true but every man[anthropos] a liar.
So,
to say last Adam = Christ is as if to say Christ = anthropos = liar.
In contrast, 
Christ is referred to as the perfect 'aner' man: Eph 4:13.
And 
Even though "last Adam": the "second man" [anthropos]: is called "the Lord from heaven" in 1Corinthians 15:47 KJV.
1Cor 15:47
The first man [anthropos] is of the earth, earthy: 
the second man [anthropos] is the Lord from heaven.
Hmmm, 
if last Adam is still an Adam (in whom all die), and
if second man [anthropos] is still an anthropos = liar,
then it reasons all made alive in Christ is 3rd of 3:
first Adam → last Adam → Christ
all die → all die → all made alive,
(as if natural law → spiritual law → spiritual grace), 
anthropos man → anthropos man → aner man (in Greek).
interesting "mystery" aspect of biblical narrative to ponder.
Has anyone considered how "Christ" may not be last "Adam" (aka not second "man" that is still 'anthropos' in Greek, which in Romans 2:1 is self-condemning & in Romans 3:4 is a liar), but much more than 2nd man, as if 3rd of 3 instead of just better of 2 Adams?
The grace of our Lord Jesus → Christ be with you all. Amen.

