---
title: "post 3047"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\November\post_3047.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:53:37.335225
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

allegoric bible mystery compare-i-Son: 
Son of man -vs- Son of God ??
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
BOTH 
"Son of man" & "Son of God" occur in Matthew to Acts; 
BUT  
in Romans→forward NO Son of man, ONLY Son of God; 
Then 
called "gospel of Christ" & "through Jesus→Christ" our Lord, allegory as if through 2Sons Jesus mode to 1Son Christ mode.
For 
in 2SonsJesus it's still both old & new,
but 
in 1SonChrist it's all things new: 2Cor 5:17.
Lots of biblical details to investigate. 
Here's a few things to notice:
Sometimes Jesus both"answered and said", also"turned", as if from Son of man to Son of God, like in Matthew 16:16-23 KJV Jesus 1st called Peter "blessed", then "turned" to call Peter "Satan". 
In Matthew 25:31-46 KJV OT Son of man threatens to come and divide sheep/goats to right/left (reverse of left/right), then send goats to everlasting punishment, but offers sheep "life eternal" (reverse of "eternal life"). 
In Mark 16:4-16 risen Jesus of "Nazareth" still both upbraided & damned; As why Nazareth also not mentioned in Rom→fwd.
In Luke 8:24 KJV disciples of "Jesus" called him "Master, master", allegory as if two many (Big, little) masters. 
Matthew 23:10 clarified "one" is your (Big) "Master": "Christ".
In Luke 17:22-30 it notes if a day of Son of man gets revealed it would be as days of Noah & Lot wherein it was "destroyed them all" (not saved them all).
Seems why Jesus had Mt 24:30 said when sign of Son of man is seen, the result would be all tribes "mourn" (not rejoice).
In John 3:13-17 KJV Son of man calls himself "serpent", then reverses NT→"eternal life" bwd to OT←"everlasting life".
In John 5:25-29 KJV Jesus allegory revealed that when still both 2Sons: Son of God & Son of man, that he still had two voices: 
Son of God voice says only "live" as if only grace; 
But 
Son of man voice says "judgment also", as if law also; 
So 2 resurrections: of life & of damnation.
So,
In contrast Son of God voice in John 5:45 said he would not accuse any to the Father, allegory noting Moses (aka law) as accuser.
Such is not posted to speak against Son of man nor against Jesus, but simply to prompt people to investigate all biblical contrasts.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

