---
title: "post 1740"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\June\post_1740.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:30:54.032212
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Jun-e---------------5,----2---0-1-9
---

## Content

1John?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
AWARENESS about 1John, for friends quoting from 1John: 
If NO grace, NOR mercy, NOR peace in all 1John, it's as law. 
1John themes keep commandments (as if stay law minded). 
With 
such FYI in mind, let's notice this about 1John 2:1, says:
"My little children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous:". 
SEEMS nice, about Jesus Christ, BUT notice ...
by say "advocate with the Father" it portrays "Jesus Christ" as a lawyer and "the Father" as a Judge, as if in a court of law.
So then, it's
Not Grace, mercy, peace, from God "our" Father (isn't a law Judge, but graceful, merciful, peaceful to all), and "our" Lord Jesus Christ (by whom came grace & truth, not law nor lie). 
Then investigating further, in 1John 4, let's notice he: 
1Jn 4:6 says "spirit of truth & spirit of error"=end with "error".
(spirits contrast should be error← & →truth=end with "truth").
Then John oddly says
God is love, but also love(God) needs perfecting. It's contrary to your Father in heaven is perfect (Mt 5:48), merciful (Lk 6:36), not [author] of confusion, but of peace (1Cor 14:33).
It's also notable John is the only writer who ever mentions "antichrist"; And in 1John it's as if he's being an anti-Christ, for "Christ is the end of the law" (Rom 10:4), our peace by having abolished the "enmity" (the "law"): Eph 2:15. Seems John's antichrist mentions are accusational, like law accuses.
Such things, when noticed, not only make 1John suspect, but as if being like "another gospel" noted in Gal 1:6, by which churches of Galatia got removed from the "grace" of Christ. Interesting how Paul mentions John in Gal 2:9 as only "seem" to be a pillar, then asks in Gal 3:1 "Who bewitched you"?
Clarity: not posted to speak against any, but for awareness.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

