---
title: "post 2017"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\September\post_2017.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:51:09.853157
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Seems Trump revealed himself as a President of 'law' enforcement, a 'rule of law' (not grace, mercy, peace) believer & threatener of military law severity?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Not to speak against POTUS, but aware about & question his rose garden speech, followed by his march to St John's yellow church to hold up a bible for a photo opp. For what's written in Bible is we are not under 
law, but under grace (Romans 6), as Now we are delivered from the law (Romans 7:6)... written for our learning that...
Law, by being "both good and evil", lastly deadly nasty (evil being reverse of live), didn't/doesn't solve problems, but is biblical allegory portrayed as being the root of the problems, even what's at the bottom of the terror barrel. So then 
Jesus Christ (grace & truth) came to freely grace gift righteousness to all, so grace might reign through righteousness unto eternal life for all: Romans 5.
Law got abolished (Ephesians 2:15), even all of it blotted out (Colossians 2:14) so there be no transgression plausible where no law & no sin imputed when no law. So there is no law at all in the true "God of all grace" to all.    
So then, how did this occur: since Y2Ks modern bibles removed "Christ" from their end (Rev 22:21), so then leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law' is new world order, so media began reporting "worst"←BC scenarios manifesting with "death" tolls, in both news & weather.
Share your insights as more than just a side of politics.
Are we stuck in some sort of simulated Truman show? 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

