---
title: "post 2840"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\June\post_2840.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T01:36:34.416927
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible MYSTERY about THE END...
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
By Y2Ks (1999, 2000) most modern Bible translations had changed The End (last verse), to thereby remove the word "Christ" from 
Revelation 22:21 KJV
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Most Bible readers, when made aware of this, said no big deal, as "Jesus" is New Testament known as and called  The Christ. 
YET...
Seems remove word "Christ" from The End of the narrative may have given place to backward←BC things manifesting in AD.
WHEN this happened, after Y2Ks, leaders of nations began to say 'rule of law' instead of "grace and truth" that came by Jesus Christ (John 1:17) from the only true God (John 17:1-4).
THEN both news and weather media began reporting "worst" scenarios with "death" tolls.
Hmmm,
This is ODD, because the word "worst" only occurs once in Old Testament Ezekiel 7:24 KJV ← BC. Such seems to indicate a backward ← BC trend to "worst" ← worse ← bad. In contrast, the New Testament is forward to good → better → "best".
Kindly observe proof that Revelation 22:21 KJV (aka The End) is only the grace salutation of Paul, never of John, and is written with Paul's "own hand", as if to sign-ify Paul (not John) may thereby be the author of Revelation, even though book of Revelation says "John" 5x, causing many to assume John wrote it...
I did also assume John was author, until guided by the Spirit of truth to see the last verse is only the pure grace salutation of Paul, and according to Paul is always written by his "own hand".
Romans 16:24 KJV
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Philippians 4:23 KJV
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 22:21 KJV
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

