---
title: "post 3368"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\June\post_3368.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T22:59:31.484351
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

END NOTES OF PAUL'S EPISTLES IN KJV
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
In Oxford KJV there are end notes only for Paul's 14 epistles. Such do occur in BlueLetterBible search for KJV, but do not occur in modern Thomas Nelson KJV.
Such 
end notes help reveal which is "the epistle from Laodicea" which Paul told Colossians to also read in Colossians 4:16. 
Such end notes also help to prove Paul is author of Hebrews, because it has an end note, which only occur for Paul's epistles.
Here are the end notes:
Romans 16 (end note)
Written to the Romans from Corinthus, and sent by Phebe servant of the church at Cenchrea.  
1Corinthians 16 (end note)
The first epistle to the Corinthians was written from Philippi by Stephanas and Fortunatus and Achaicus and Timotheus.
2Corinthians 13 (end note)
The second epistle to the Corinthians was written from Philippi, a city of Macedonia, by Titus and Lucas.
Galatians 6 (end note)
To the Galatians written from Rome.
Ephesians 6 (end note)
To the Ephesians written from Rome, by Tychicus.
Philippians 4 (end note)
To the Philippians written from Rome, by Epaphroditus.
Colossians 4 (end note)
Written from Rome to Colossians by Tychicus and Onesimus.
1Thessalonians 5 (end note)
The first epistle to the Thessalonians was written from Athens.
2Thessalonians 3 (end note)
The second epistle to the Thessalonians was written from Athens.
1Timothy 6 (end note: re Colossians 4:16)
The first to Timothy was written from Laodicea*, which is the chiefest city of Phrygia Pacatiana.
*Colossians 4:16 
And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans; and that ye likewise read the epistle from Laodicea.
2Timothy 4 (end note)
The second epistle unto Timotheus, ordained the first bishop of the church of the Ephesians, was written from Rome, when Paul was brought before Nero the second time.
Titus 3 (end note)
It was written to Titus, ordained the first bishop of the church of the Cretians, from Nicopolis of Macedonia.
Philemon 1 (end note)
Written from Rome to Philemon, by Onesimus a servant.
Hebrews 13 (end note: proves Paul is author)
Written to the Hebrews from Italy, by Timothy.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

