---
title: "post 3098"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\December\post_3098.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T20:47:34.107566
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Matthew 6 Prayer -vs- Luke 11 Prayer
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Because no grace yet in Matthew, but grace in Luke, the Our Father prayers in Mt 6 & Lk 11 are allegory as different as law vs grace.
Mt 6 
says forgive us AS WE FORGIVE = a conditional law catch: if not, then not; So, Jesus adds a PS to clarify, in law mode, if you don't first forgive, you won't get forgiven.
Lk 11 says forgive us FOR WE ALSO FORGIVE EVERY ONE, so no conditional catch and no PS added. 
Seems "thy will be done" also differs in wording:
Mt says thy will be done "in earth, as it is in heaven".
Lk 11 says thy will be done "as in heaven, so in earth".
Both say "deliver us from evil", but Romans 7:6 clarifies
"Now we are delivered from the law".
Matthew 6:9-15 KJV
Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. Amen.
PS:
For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you: But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.
Luke 11:2-4 KJV
Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, as in heaven, so in earth. Give us day by day our daily bread. And forgive us our sins; for we also forgive every one that is indebted to us. And lead us not into temptation; but deliver us from evil.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

