---
title: "post 1770"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\July\post_1770.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:35:30.799354
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

PONDERING this ... Asking what are your observations?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
As Old← & →New Testaments in Holy Bible (Story) brought a ww division of time into 1BC← & →AD1 (no zero); Y2Ks became as false/true ends of 2 millennial days of AD. BUT Then, in what's called a third day of AD; SEEMS after Y2Ks there began a strange Bwd←trend. Some examples: 
After Y2Ks news noted leaders 
of nations began saying 'rule of law' (not grace and peace); Which is strange because "law" works "wrath" is what God has not appointed us to.
Also, after Y2Ks, both news & weather began reporting "worst" scenarios & "death" tolls in diverse places ww; Which is strange because word "worst" only occurs in OT, not NT.
Also, not only senseless wars, but genocides began; Strange because prior to Y2Ks people were giving peace a chance.
Not only ever increasing PTSD & suicides, but also mass shootings, etc of ppl taken captive by evil concupiscence. 
Also not only Jews vs Arabs aggresively pushing vengeance religions, but so-called Christians pushing God vengence.
Trump: let's be "great"←greater←greatest(never fails)?
Lately there's lots of OT quotes; As if quoters unaware in saying new it makes everything old ready to vanish away. 
Question becomes how & why are so many such BC things now happening in AD, especially after Y2Ks? 
One plausible reason may be because modern bibles remove Christ from their end of the biblical story in Revelation 22:21. It seems to somehow manifest bwd←BC. So I like KJV end:
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ with you all. Amen.

