---
title: "post 1507"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\July\post_1507.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:38:37.316835
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

The PROCESS of our eternal salvation:
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ... is a forward & upward process of being led of the Spirit, from carnal babes (still need to be milk-fed)... to be-loved children of God (can still only digest spoon fulls of meat) ... then also realize it takes "be no more children', to "grow up" unto "fulness" of "Christ", to then be graceful, merciful, peaceful man-kind, 
by put away child-ish things. 
Yet even after go forward "through our Lord Jesus Christ", to be "in Christ', there's still also upward "through Christ to God-ward"; For God cannot die, but has "eternal life" void of death. So it also takes "leaving" resurrection of the dead to go on unto perfection of God of the living has no dead to resurrect.
I'm still being Spirit reminded how patient God has been with me, and how I should patiently let the Spirit be everone's "guide"; For although a man may plant & water, it is God who gives the increase, by grace, so no man may boast; And it is the "patience" of God that does a "perfect work" in us all.
Even now, as I share spiritual things I learned, I'm reminded how Paul's PEP talks (Positive, Evaluate, Positive) in epistles also quarantined his own law/grace writings between opening & closing grace; As if the only safe way to look at a harmful virus called law, being removed by the "operation of God".
For even when still law/grace duality (in Evaluate mode), it's still over against in this lower grace mode, until also above law/grace duality unto "God of all grace" has no duality.
It's only then, when made (more) perfect, also stablished, strengthened, settled by the God of all grace (after suffer a while in lower 'gnosis' knowledge mode), that we learn God's true real-ity is neither side of ill-u-sion, but above both sides. 
For what news & weather now seem to portray, by 'worst' scenarios along with 'death' tolls, it seems many on sion side of ill-u-sion have been drawn back to the ill side; As if the love(agape) of many waxed cold of cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot, allegory to great again of great, greater, greatest. How?
Perhaps by not [yet] upgrade, in KJV, from love(agape1) to charity(agape2), because charity is a "more excellent way", above both broad/narrow ways of many/few, for neither of many/few are yet all. Only charity "thinketh no evil" (aka no reverse of "live"), neither to punish nor forgive. So only  charity can be put on above forgiving, in Col 3:12-15 KJV.
So the end to endure unto has no mention of law, and not even love, only grace, and grace that is not over against any, but "with" you all from above punish/forgive duality.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

