---
title: "post 1937"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\April\post_1937.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2020
comments: 12
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:21:03.338676
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Easter? Is it a more problem-attic than beneficial yearly tradition?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Some things to consider & dialogue about Easter:
It takes a "once", for all, offering of Jesus Christ, and repeats it yearly, as if once was not sufficient to remove sin, and death  
it's 
a changable holy day similar to passover, but it's not passover, which in 2005 the Easter & Passover dates differed by a month. Also Eastern/Western Easters differ. Hmmm.
The term Easter originates from Eastre: a pagan spring festival; And from Teutonic notions of a lunar Goddess of spring: Eostre. It's pagan myth, now as fictional as Santa Clause gifts or an Easter Bunny who lays candy eggs.
It begins with a season of Lent, as if law driven to wilderness temptation; But God neither tempts not can be tempted.
It seems more focussed on murder (let's kill the heir) and on bloodshed (sacrifice, not mercy) than on the will of God to have mercy, and not sacrifice (grace, and not law), upon all.
Seven last utterances seem to mention "forsaken" in midst, as if due to two Gods: "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me" (Ps 22:1...Mt 27:46).
It's interesting "Easter" [pascha: passover] is used once in Acts 12:4 KJV, in reference to Peter (called Satan: Mt 16:23) being bound in jail, then loosed (like Satan in Rev 20). Hmmm.
What are your thoughts about Easter?
Interesting mystery details to ponder about.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

