---
title: "post 0022"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\January\post_0022.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T17:31:33.433578
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery: breadth, length, depth, height:
Notice all 4 are mentioned in Ephesians 3:18;
But only 3 are mentioned in Revelation 21:16.
Why? Perhaps "no depth" revealed in Mark 4:5.
Ephesians 3:17-19 KJV (all 4 mentioned = fulness)
"That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love, May be able to comprehend with all saints what [is] the BREADTH, and LENGTH, and DEPTH, and HEIGHT; And to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God".
Revelation 21:16 KJV (only 3 mentioned = no full) 
"And the city lieth foursquare, and the length is as large as the breadth: and he measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs. The LENGTH and the BREADTH and the HEIGHT of it are equal". 
Mark 4:3-7 KJV (re no depth = no fruit)
"Hearken; Behold, there went out a sower to sow: And it came to pass, as he sowed, some fell by the way side, and the fowls of the air came and devoured it up. And some fell on stony ground, where it had not much earth; and immediately it sprang up, because it had NO DEPTH of earth: But when the sun was up, it was scorched; and because it had no root, it withered away. And some fell among thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no fruit". 
It seems the love (grace agape, not law agape) of Christ (not Jesus) passeth (exceeds) law knowledge, also science, and we also need depth (know the deep things of God, beyond believe stuff) to have the fullness (completeness) of God.
So let us launch out in the deep, as note in Luke 5:4.
Interesting stuff to ponder.

