---
title: "post 2814"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\May\post_2814.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T23:42:13.066702
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: ----M-ay2-6,----------2---0---2-3--
---

## Content

5 things re 1TIMOTHY in KJV, which some Bible scholars, commentators, teachers, preachers don't [yet] seem to know.
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
- 1TIMOTHY: is the epistle FROM LAODICEA that's mentioned in Colossians 4:16 KJV: "And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans; and that ye likewise read the [epistle] from Laodicea". 
Such 
is only evident from the <[end note]> in 1Timothy 6:21 KJV: 
"<[The first to Timothy was written from Laodicea, which is the chiefest city of Phrygia Pacatiana.]>". 
Seems Paul infers there's something in 1Timothy the saints at Colosse should learn by reading 1Timothy & something those in Laodicea should learn by read Colossians. 
- 1TIMOTHY: is where the phrase "God our Saviour" first BEGINS being used, and is used 6 times in KJV, lastly in Jude 125 KJV, where it calls "God our Saviour" the "only wise God". Perhaps such only wise God our Saviour is allegory like the 3rd of 3 Saviours:  
-- God: our Saviour = will have all saved & made aware
-- Christ: Saviour of the world = all saved
-- Jesus: Saviour of Israel, whom Israel rejected = not all.
- 1TIMOTHY: is where Apostle Paul changes (↑uprades↑) his allegoric "holy kiss" Greeting to include MERCY, and also to change "the Lord Jesus Christ" to "our Lord Jesus Christ": 
-- From 2things: "Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ" in Romans 1:7 KJV. 
-- To 3things: "Grace, mercy, [and] peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord" in 1Timothy 1:2 KJV.
Perhaps because there's no mention of mercy in Revelation; And mercy obtain-able at the throne of grace should be for all, since it's a constant biblical theme that there is no respect of persons (aka no partiality) with God. 
So perhaps it's like saying to Timothy we need all 3 of "Grace, mercy, peace" , for 2/3 = 0.666 in Revelation, where the peace of only Grace & peace in Rev 1:4 gets taken away in Rev 6:4. 
So prior to Revelation, Jude 1:21 KJV notes: "Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the MERCY of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life". 
- 1TIMOTHY: is where it clarifies there's even an END to the new "commandment" (rule, law) to Love One Another, which began in John 13:34 KJV. For in 1Timothy 1:5-7 KJV it says: "Now the END of the commandment is 
-- charity (not love) out of a pure heart, and 
-- [of] a good conscience, and 
-- [of] faith unfeigned:
From which some having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling; Desiring to be teachers of the law; understanding neither what they say, nor whereof they affirm".
So even the new "commandment" to Love One Another has both begin and end; The END thereof Love One Another being "charity" (not "love", in KJV uses both "love" & charity" for 'agape'). For in Mt 24:12 it notes the "love" of many shall wax cOLD, and in 1Cor 13:8 KJV it notes "charity never faileth" (aka never waxes cOLD).
- 1TIMOTHY: is where it clarifies "God our Saviour" will have even MORE than just all men saved; For in 1Timothy 2:4 KJV it says, re God our Saviour: "Who will have all men to be saved, AND to come unto the knowledge* of the truth". *this is 'epignosis' knowledge, which is MORE than 'gnosis' knowledge; For in 1Cor 13:8 KJV it notes the 'gnosis' knowledge shall "vanish away" when it comes to "charity never fails". So beyond just being saved, via 'gnosis' knowledge, there's also higher 'epignosis' knowledge to learn.
Which is like saying, of 3things in Romans 12:2 KJV: "good, and acceptable, and perfect" will of God, if only "good and acceptable", like in 1Timothy 2:1-3, then it's like only 2/3 of 3, which is Not Yet perfect. So Mt 5:48 KJV said: " Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect"; And 1Cor 13:10 KJV said "But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away". What's in "part", and to be "done away", would include both parts of 1Peter 4:14 KJV's "their part" and "your part". For even though "your part" is better of 2things, it's NotYet best of 3things.
Hey, it's why(?) I use KJV = 7th English Bible for study; Especially after noticing the KJV does not remove "Christ" from TheEnd to ENDure unto in Revelation 22:21 like modern bible versions do. 
Hope you'll now consider reading 1Timothy, and in the KJV, if you made it this far in this radical and perhaps shocking post.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

