---
title: "post 2587"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\November\post_2587.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2022
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:21:15.398058
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ----N-o----v------e-m---be-r1,-2-0-2----------2
---

## Content

What faith was Jesus author and finisher of in Hebrews 12:2? Perhaps faith (trust) in the law. Let's investigate.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus→Christ our Lord.
Seems author [archegos: prince] 1st portrays OT Son of man Jesus and finisher [teleiotes: used only once] last portrays NT Son of God Jesus; Allegory as if Hebrews 1:3 Jesus on right of "Majesty" (Law), then Hebrews 12:2 Jesus on right of "God" (Grace). 
Hebrews 1:3 KJV:
Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word [rhema] of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty [Megalosyne] on high;
Hebrews 12:2 KJV:
Looking unto Jesus the author [archegos] and finisher [teleiotes] of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God [Theos].
Although the wording is a bit tricky, point is "Majesty" on "high", where still plural "heavens" (Heb 8:1), is where Jesus still had "enemies" to be made his "footstool" (Heb 1:13). But later Jesus is sat on right hand of the "throne" of "God", noted as "throne of grace" in Heb 4:16, where "mercy" obtained, for all, else none at all.
So allegory as if an up-grade from Majesty(high) to God(higher).
Seems Paul's mention of "from faith to faith", in Rom 1:17, was allegory for an up-grading from trust in law to trust in grace, and by having the righteousness of God revealed by gospel of grace.
Seems risen Jesus, of Nazareth, still "upbraided and damned" in Mark 16:5-19, after 1st sat on right hand of Majesty on high, then return to the eleven (as if 2nd coming); Until re-ascended higher and received into singular heaven and sat on right hand of "God", to then say Peace at 3rd coming to the ten & also to the eleven in Luke 24 & John 20.
Seems why Paul said he now lives by the faith of the "Son of God" (not Son of man)* in Galatians 2:20.
*note: no mention of Son of man occurs beyond Acts as the gospel of Christ (is the end of the law) in Romans → forward.
What are your insights about such?
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/IS} with you all. Amen.

