---
title: "post 3580"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\November\post_3580.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T22:45:12.364598
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

LOVE [agape 1] & CHARITY [agape 2] ?
Charity is a more excellent way.
Charity thinketh no evil.
Charity never faileth.
Charity is greatest of three.
Charity can be put on above forgiving.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
It's interesting to NOTICE & ponder WHY the KJV bible uses both "love" and "charity" for Greek word 'agape'... 
BUT for 
1Cor 13 KJV then uses "charity" (not love) for what "never faileth"; As if to portray "charity" [agape 2] as somehow being a "more excellent [hyperbole] way" (as noted in 1Cor 12:31 for 1Cor 13) than "love" [agape 1]. 
WHY?
Seems why is Jesus 1st said this about "love" [agape 1] in Mt 24:12 
And because iniquity shall abound, the "love" [agape] of "many" shall wax "cold".
Hmmm
Seems to allegory say, for many, love [agape 1] "shall" DrawBack to "cold" mode of these three: cOLD ←> LukeWarm → Hot.
Hmmm
Seems it's as if DrawBack to 1/3 from 2/3, instead of go on to 3/3.
Law ←> Law/Grace → Grace 
cold ←> cold/hot → hot 
1Cor 13:13 KJV portrays only "charity" as being "greatest" of "three",
allegory as if "greatest" of great ←> greater → greatest.
Charity "thinketh no evil": 1Cor 13:5 KJV. 
So
charity can be new man put on even above forgiving: Col 3:14.
(note: in Col 3:12-14 KJV, charity is allegory 8th above 7 things)
So,
 of love & charity, only "charity never faileth": 1Cor 13:8 KJV.
Now another interesting thing to notice is, that by Y2Ks: 
most modern bibles had changed "charity" to "love" for 1Cor 13,
to then CONTRADICT themselves by oxymoron say two CONTRARY things about love: 
the love of many shall wax cold & love never fails;
And 
bibles which did this also removed the word "Christ" from their end.
Hmmm
Seems, from evidence, to remove word "Christ" from bible end has allowed Old Testament ← BC things to manifest in fwd → AD time. For since Y2Ks both news & weather have reported "worst" scenarios manifesting ww, along with "death" tolls for such; But the word "worst" only occurs once, back in OT Ezekiel 7:24 ← BC.
So, of bible versions, I still prefer KJV doesn't remove "Christ":
Revelation 22:21 KJV (the salutation of Paul, not John)
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

