---
title: "post 2011"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\September\post_2011.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:49:43.931287
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

ETERNAL LIFE is Not "life eternal" (reverse, ends in Jn 17:3), Nor OT "everlasting life" (ends in Rom 6:22), Nor NT "life everlasting" (ends in 1Tim 1:16). So what is "eternal life"?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
When Spirit prompted to search, study, focus on "eternal life", I was surprised to learn it didn't occur in OT nor in Revelation; And last of 26 NT mentions in Jude 1:21 KJV said Keep 
yourselves in the love of God, looking for the "mercy" of our Lord "Jesus Christ" unto "eternal life". Why? For there is no mercy nor eternal life mentioned in Revelation. But then...
Neither is there any mention of "mercy" in John nor in 1John, where mention of Jesus Christ & eternal life occur. Hmmm.
Paul notes in Romans 5:20,21 grace had already much more hyper-abounded than law's sin offence, so as (law imputed) sin had reigned unto death, even so might grace (now) reign "through" →(gifted) righteousness→ unto eternal life. Then in Romans 6:23 Paul clarifies the "gift" of God is eternal life "through Jesus→Christ our Lord". Then...
There's no mention of eternal life until 1Tim 6:12b says (after fight the good fight of faith) "lay hold" on eternal life, "whereunto thou art also called"; As if to allegory say eternal life is a higher calling than fight mode in heavens on high. Interesting in 1Tim Paul adds mercy to his holy kiss greeting.
Then in Titus 1:2 Paul clarifies "eternal life" is (only) what the God, that "cannot lie", promised before the world began. 
So,
it makes eternal life "the promise" in Hebrews 10:36 & 11:39, which OT faith heroes could not receive.
Heb 10:36 noted (although eternal life: the promise: is the "gift" of God can't lie), it is only received after having patience and done the will of God (aka have mercy, and not sacrifice; which seems to allegory mean have grace, not law). So...
Heb 4:16 had noted let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain "mercy", and find grace to help in time of need. 
Interesting "mystery" details concerning "eternal life". Please share your insights on eternal life. Seems it's our true Spirit reality above & beyond this world of flesh/spirit duality.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

