---
title: "post 0114"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\April\post_0114.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T20:40:11.301342
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery: Some Differences between Jesus & Christ;
to reveal two Sons Jesus was not (yet) one "Son" Christ.
Yet not as if to separate Jesus from his Christ mission;
But rather to reveal enough Jesus & Christ differences
to 
warrant people going on, through Jesus→to Christ,
as peace with God is "through Jesus Christ": Rom 5:1,
and reconciling the world is done "in Christ": 2Cor 5:19.
- Christ is one Son, Son of God, only begotten
- Jesus was two Sons, Son of God + Son of man
God did not send Sons, but "Son": Hebrews 1:2.
God did not send his Son to condemn: John 3:17.
God is not a man, nor son of man: Numbers 23:19. 
- Christ is the end of the law: Romans 10:4.
- Jesus was only the mend of the law: Mt 5:43,44.
Love your enemies is better than hate enemy, but
what's best is be friends, not enemies: John 15:15.
In Jesus mode there's still f-law, so still condemnation.
But in Christ mode there's no condemnation: Rom 8:1.
- Christ is Saviour of the world: Jn 1:29; 4:42 1Jn 4:14. 
- Jesus was Saviour of Israel: Acts 5:31; 13:23; Gal 4:4,5.
God loved the world. God sent his Son to save the world.
So, the Lamb "of God" taketh away the sin of "the world". 
To wit, that God, in Christ, reconciles the world: 2Cor 5:19.
- Christ is peace, not divided: Rom 5...1Cor 1... Eph 2:15.
- Jesus was division, not peace: Mt 10:34; Lk 12:51; Jn 7:43.
God isn't author of division (partiality, dissimulation, unrest).
God is the author of peace (rest): 1Cor 14:33; Heb 4:9-11.
- Christ took Jesus' grace or law further, and abolished law.
- Jesus took a grace + law oxymoron, made it grace OR law.
Grace + law: every tree + not every tree mingled = oxymoron.
So Jesus said either make the tree good OR corrupt, not both.
So Christ abolished Gen 2:17, and refused "mingled" drink.
- Where Christ sitteth, higher than the heavens = harmless.
- Where Jesus sat, R of L/R heavens = enemies = jeopardy.
Rightly divide = above of under/above, not right of left/right;
So then, if risen with "Christ" focus only on things "above":
Genesis 1:7 ... Colossians 3:1-15 ... 2Timothy 2:15. 
- In Christ mode there's no law, so neither blame nor shame.- In Jesus mode, there's still f-law, so still blame and shame.
So it's clarified peace with God is "through Jesus → Christ",
and God given victory is "through our Lord Jesus → Christ".
So even though it says grace and truth came "by Jesus Christ",
it further clarifies peace and victory are "through Jesus Christ".
Perhaps that's why many still in Jesus mode are still divisional.
For they haven't yet gone on, from Jesus mode to Christ mode.
So perhaps a need of "ambassadors for Christ" to inform them.
Hebrews 11 conclusion says they cannot be perfect without us,  
and 2Peter 3:9 says the Lord is l-o-n-g-suffering to "us-ward",
is perhaps also above of under/above, not just right of left/right.
When a new high priest became "us", then "harmless": Heb 7:26.
Threatening Jesus wasn't merciful nor harmless: Mt 18:35; 25:46.
Interesting stuff..

