---
title: "post 2619"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\January\post_2619.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T18:17:59.646792
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

ISRAEL: 
Netanyahu (Zionist) called Crime Minister?
Some observations and media questions:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Netanyahu is Prime Minister again, but this time his far right Zionism is protested by 100,000+ in Tel Aviv, some protest signs calling him Crime Minister (re-elected while still accused of crimes). Hmmm...
Seems Netanyahu (called BiBi) wrote a book, and while promoting his book bragged of having made a pandemic deal with Pfizer to let Pfizer use Israel as a lab (aka it's people as lab rats). Some have questioned if media controlling Pfizer helped him get re-elected? Hmmm... 
Seems Netanyahu's far right Jewish Gvir: as national security minister has provoked Israel vs Palestine to greater death tolls: 35 Palestine deaths already in January 2023... to the point news reports the escalation of violence and vengeance, calling it fascism. 
News: Israeli soldiers raided Jenin, caused 10 deaths, even a 61 yr old woman, then results in a 21 yr old Palestine man killing 7 outside a Jewish synagogue, then results in 42 arrested and collective punishment swiftly sealing his home for demolition, even removing rights of his family and friends, then results in a 13 yr old boy killing 2, then results in 2 rockets fired from Gaza, then results in Israel using such to use vengeance air strikes on Gaza... ongoing...   
Netanyahu (vow): We will harm whoever will harm us.
Let's fast track legalizing Israelis to carry guns on streets.
Will this not increase violence, instead of focus on peace?
Seems (reported) Netanyahu & his national security minister Gvir find it ok for Jewish settlers to kill Palestinians, seize & demolish their homes in West Bank (against international law); And ok to change laws, even of supreme court, to escalate a hostile attitude toward any that resist or protest Orthodox Zionist Judaism. 
Enter USA Blinken for another mid-east tour. But while in Israel it seems Blinken & Netanyahu were at different meetings, based on their dual media staged reports. Yet USA remains committed to the iron clad security of Israel (aka continued $40 billion/year). Hmmm...
Seems previous reports of a recent joint USA - Israel military drill about potential attack on Iran, then perhaps became a real Israel drone attack on a military drone factory in Iran (some say as if a favor to USA, for the Russian use of Iranian drones in Ukraine). 
Is this de-escalation or escalation of mid-east violence? Hmmm... 
Then there are these questions:
How did Tel Aviv become such a LGBTQ+ ww hot spot?
How is it ok for WEF's Yuval Noah Harari to be a Gay history teacher in Israel, when WEF saying God is dead, and it takes a while to kill the body, and the Jesus Christ story is Fake News? 
Does this not fly in the face of Israel saying God gave Jews Israel?
interesting events to observe (not judge), ponder, and discuss.
What are your insights about such things reported in Israel?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

