---
title: "post 1816"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\September\post_1816.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2019
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:46:08.066162
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Christ Jesus or Jesus Christ? There's a difference to notice.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
While I see & agree with Rom 8:1's There is therefore now "no condemnation" to "them" which are in "Christ Jesus", and 8:2's "law"2 of the Spirit of life in "Christ Jesus" makes "free" from "law"1 of sin & death; I also see better "law" of law1/law2 isn't yet eternal salvation is by "grace", and so none 
may boast in CJ liberty1[eleutheria] isn't yet JC liberty2[apolyo].
Bible readers don't yet notice, as I didn't, that in Acts, after Saul is changed to Paul, he also gets further changed from "Christ Jesus" in Acts 19:4 to "Jesus Christ" in Acts 28:31. So then, in Rom→fwd, Paul always 1st notes he's now in JC mode, and always turns CJ around to JC in all his epistles.
I was surprised to learn I'd missed this CJ/JC mystery aspect, and even with revelatory help from Spirit of truth, took years to search & prove it just to myself. So I can understand, when trying to aware CJ friends, for awareness sake only, most say it matters not to them, for they see Christ as just a title of Jesus. Yet I find lots of evidence that it matters...
While no condemnation, 'eleutheria' freedom, inseparable love of God in "Christ Jesus", there is no "Christ Jesus" mode beyond 1Pet 5:14, only "Jesus Christ". It's because "Christ Jesus" = "mediator" = "between" God & men, still mediating a new covenant of OT "LORD"[Yehovah] as new "high" priest; But higher "reconciled" to "God" is only by "Jesus Christ".
Such may seem just biblical theology, no longer appicable to people persuaded love of God is inseparable, claiming to be awakened, even deconstructed from religion, saying love is all we need, and the book is just a story, but not our story. 
While true, seems if story begun, but not ended well for all, like modern bibles (made by CJs) not only add dangerous helps, but remove "Christ" from their end of story, it gives place for apocalyptic crap to manifest, ww, for "all" to "watch". So for the story (mythology, allegory, mystery), end thereof, I prefer the KJV, and Paul's grace salutation for the ending:
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

