---
title: "post 1394"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\March\post_1394.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2018
comments: 2
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:57:14.899846
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M-------ar--c--h3-1,---------2--0-1--8--
---

## Content

Blessed? Law Blessed or Grace Blessed? Compare how 2 Blessed's differ in Romans 4:7,8 KJV (also NT differs from OT Psalms 32:1,2 KJV). Eg:
Rom 4:7 = Blessed THEY whose iniquities (plural) are forgiven, and whose sins (plural) are covered = as if diaper blessed with plural cover ups.
(Ps 32:1 was: Blessed is he whose transgression [singular] is forgiven, whose sin [singular] is covered)
Rom 
4:8 = Blessed the MAN to whom the Lord will not impute sin = no law, so no sin even imputed to forgive or to cover up.
(Ps 32:2 was: Blessed is the man unto whom the LORD [CAPS] imputeth not iniquity [singular]. and in whose spirit there is no guile)
Rom 4:7's Problem: 
Mt 18:23-25 revealed if law forgiven it can later also become unforgiven + tormented. And Mt 10:26; Lk 8:17; Lk 12:2 revealed cover ups may later get uncovered and made known (as if to reveal if dung not yet flushed, it can be man shame).
Rom 4:8's Solution: 
it's notably a "man" upgrade (in greek), 
- From 'anthropos' man = law judge-mental = self-condemning in Rom 2:1, and still a liar in Rom 3:4; 
- To 'aner' man = grace blessed in Rom 4:, for an 'aner' man's head is Christ (end of the law) in 1Cor 11:3, who has put away child-ish things (cover ups) in 1Cor 13:11, to be the perfect man in Eph 4:13, is be no more child-ren in Eph 4:14.
So, if there's no mention of grace, yet, in Mt or Mk, then the 9 mentions of "Blessed" in Mt 5:3-11 would still be law blessed; Allegory as if still cold (law) mode of cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot. 
For converted (strepho) in Mt 18:3 is still child-ish, differs from  converted (epistrepho) in Lk 22:32 is like becoming aner man.
Interesting law/grace stuff to notice, ponder, study, discuss.

