---
title: "post 1760"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\July\post_1760.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:32:54.108195
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --Jul-y-22--,------2---0-1---------9--
---

## Content

Examples of 3rd of 3 Biblical things that are Neither of Twain.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
All is neither of Many vs Few, so a more excellent way for All is neither of Broad way (of Many) vs Narrow way (of Few).
Man-kind is neither of Children of wicked vs Children of God, as why Paul tells Children of God to "be no more Children".
No 
more a servant, but a son (Galatians 4:7) is neither of servants of sin vs servants of righteousness (Rom 6:17,18).
Greatest of Three is neither of Great & Greater of Twain. So of faith, hope, charity, only charity is greatest (1Cor 13:13 KJV).
Christ is neither of first man Adam nor last Adam, because as in Adam all die, but in Christ all are made alive; And both first man(anthropos) & second man(anthropos) are not aner man. (1Cor 15: 22-47). Christ is perfect aner man (Eph 4:13).
Higher than the heavens is neither of plural heavens on high.
God of all grace is neither law nor law/grace duality.
No partiality is neither of their part nor your part.
Heart established With Grace is neither Under Grace nor still Under Grace.
Of three aspects of the will of God: good, acceptable, perfect; Perfect is neither good nor acceptable, but 3rd of three.
All truth is neither lie nor lie/truth duality.
Eternal Life is neither Everlasting Life nor Life Everlasting.
Our all truth Eternal Life reality is neither side of ill-u-sion.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

