---
title: "post 2288"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\December\post_2288.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:21:01.490790
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -D-e--c-e--m---b---e--r----8---,--2-0-------21-
---

## Content

INTERESTING THINGS ABOUT JOHN 8:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Interesting things about John 8:
Jesus went "into the temple", sat down to teach (in Solomon's porch, over against the treasury, noted elsewhere); All the people came unto him.
Scribes & Pharisies brought a woman (not also the man) caught in adultery and set her in the "midst", saying "Master" [didas-kalos: aka good kalos law teacher], Moses in the law commanded us such should be stoned; but what say you? This they said, tempting him, to have reason to accuse him.
But Jesus TWICE stooped, TWICE finger wrote on the ground, TWICE lifted himself up. 
After 1st stooped, wrote, lifted up, said: He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her. 
And "again" he stooped and wrote on the ground (but stayed down, writing on the ground, long enough for everyone to leave, one by one)...
And they which "heard" it (aka "sin" mention, as if law imputed unto them all, he'd said after his 1st stoop, write, lift up), 
thereby hearing him, got "CON-VICTED" by their own (legalistic) "CON-SCIENCE"*, so went out, one by one, beginning at the eldest, unto the last. UNTIL it was only Jesus & the woman remaining.
* NOTE: word "conscience", which only then began in John 8:9, and goes through various conscience stages, even an "evil conscience", till it ends with "good [agathos] concsience" toward God, lastly in 1Peter 3:21. So conscience only occurs from John 8 to 1Pet 3.
So, only after all had gone out, scribes, Pharisees, entire crowd, did he then lift himself up a second time, and then saw NONE but the woman, who then said she had no accusers, and Jesus said neither did he accuse her (like he'd said in John 5:45), but did tell the "woman": "go and sin no more" (allegory leave the law temple & stop lawing; same thing he said to the healed Impotent "man" when found back in the law temple after made whole, in John 5).
WHAT DID JESUS (1stly) WRITE ON THE GROUND?
Perhaps (?) MENE, MENE, TEKEL, UPHARSIN(PERES)
from Daniel 5:25-28
This is the interpretation of the thing: 
MENE; God hath numbered thy kingdom, and finished it.
TEKEL; Thou art weighed in the balances, and art found wanting.
PERES; Thy kingdom is divided, and given to the Medes and Persians.
Interesting mystery details to notice, ponder about, discuss.
What are insights about John 8 details?
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus → Christ be with you all. Amen.

