---
title: "post 3247"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\March\post_3247.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T18:41:32.916122
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: ---Marc-----h--------1---8,------2-0-2--4
---

## Content

TWOEDGED SWORD? 
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
is "twoedged sword" allegory for biblical law?
seems law may be the "twoedged sword" mentioned in Psalm 149:6,7... Proverb 5:4... Hebrews 4:12... Revelation 1:16. 
Psalm 149:6,7 KJV
Let the high praises of God be in their mouth, and a twoedged sword in their hand; To execute vengeance upon the heathen, and punishments upon the people;
Proverbs 5:4 KJV
But her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a twoedged sword.
Hebrews 4:12 KJV
For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.
Revelation 1:16 KJV
And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth went a sharp twoedged sword: and his countenance was as the sun shineth in his strength.
Law, 
being "both good and evil" (Heb 5:14),
seems thereby both just and unjust (lastly unjust judge),
also both holy and unholy (lastly highminded: what no to be).
So then,
- law both saves and destroys after: James 4:12; Jude 1:5.
- law both forgives and un-forgives after: Mt 18:23-35.
- law both covers and uncovers after: Rom 4:7; Mt 10:26; Lk 8:17.
Seems the reason why, 
WHEN leaders of nations began saying:  'rule of law' = 'new world order', after Y2Ks; 
THEN a lot of uncovering of cover ups began happening ; Not just to fault-find, but punish (For in Ps 149:6,7 a twoedged sword executes "vengeance upon heathen & punishments on people").
Law is also called just-ice, an Old Testament law word, that can get so cOLD (of cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot), even the love('agape') of many shall wax cold, when iniquity shall abound: Mt 24:12. 
So, we observe many demanding justice, getting harmed. 
Law worketh "wrath": Rom 4:15, is what saints are told to "put away": Eph 4:31, because "God (aka Grace, mercy, peace) hath not appointed us to wrath (aka law)": 1Thess 5:9, 
For...
Law, calling itself Alpha & Omega: first & last:, can get so lastly nasty it will turn people backward ← BC to what's "behind" them: Rev 1:10-12, as if a drawback to perdition, such as "worst" noted in Ezekiel 7:24, followed by "Destruction cometh, and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none".
Hmmm...
Since leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law' (not Grace & peace), both news & weather began reporting 'worst' scenarios along with DeathTolls; 
So, law both offers peace, and then also takes away peace after (as in Rev 1:4 & 6:4), by lastly make good law people to be "evil concupiscence" (mass shooters, etc); to the point even church goers will ask: where is there a safe place?
The answer is in Grace, the word('logos') of God that is:
- quick (alive)
- powerful 
- sharper than any twoedged sword (perhaps as if to allegory say Grace is smarter than law1 law2 = beast1 beast2)
- piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit
- and of the joints and marrow
- and a discerner of the thoughts
- and intents of the heart 
So then, in Hebrews 13:9
it is a good(God) thing the heart be established "with grace",
perhaps allegory as if above both under law & "under grace".
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

