---
title: "post 3416"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\July\post_3416.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T23:10:03.470729
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Would "Jesus Christ": Son of God: return wrathful and destructive? 
Or 
is such only portrayed about Son of man in Mt - Acts, and as why no mention of Son of man beyond Acts for the gospel of "Christ"? 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
In 
Matthew to Acts many are the mentions of Son of man coming, in the clouds, along with mentions of judgment [krisis], mourning, wailing, gnashing of teeth, everlasting punishment, destruction.
Luke 17:27 & 29 mention days of Noah & days of Lot whereby the result was "destroyed them all". Then Luke 17:30 says even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed.
For Son of man mentions it seems both nice and lastly nasty. For example, after healing all, then Son of man did also upbraid and threaten those cities wherein he did healings. 
In contrast,
Search reveals no mention of Son of God coming in clouds, nor anything other than grace and truth that came by Jesus Christ, sent from the only true God to know. No threat nor judgment. 
Seems it's why for a gospel of "Christ" through Jesus → Christ beyond Acts, in Romans → forward, there is no more mention of Son of man, only of Son of God.
Then 
it's this greeting: 
Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
What are your thoughts about such things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

