---
title: "post 3344"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\May\post_3344.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2024
comments: 8
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-13T21:41:11.026434
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: May---2--,---2-----0-----24-----
---

## Content

Biblical "LORD" -vs- "God":
Grace, mercy, peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Many still perceive Old Testament "LORD" [Yehova] as being "God". So, let's note some "LORD" -vs- "God" DIFFERENCES:
Noah's Ark story in Genesis 6 - 8 reveals a DIFFERENCE of not only in name, but in "LORD" [Yehova] vs "God" [Elohim] commands:
"God" [Elohim] said two of each: Gen 6:19.
"LORD" [Yehova] said clean by sevens, unclean by two: Gen 7:2. 
note:
only "LORD" saw unclean/clean. "God" did not.
Based on that "God" & "LORD" difference it makes the mingled "LORD God" [Yehova Elohim] combo in Genesis 2:16,17, as if the plural & CONTRARY commands to man are an oxymoron: 
2 contrary things (perhaps grace & law) mingled:
Gen 2:16 says every tree (as "God" said in Gen 1:29): as if grace.
Gen 2:17 says not every tree (contrary to every tree): as if law.
Hmmm
note: if mingle every tree & not every tree, it makes an oxymoron.
Seems why serpent asked the woman: did "God" say Gen 2:17? 
For "God" [Elohim] did say "every tree" in Gen 1:29; 
So, if "God" also said not every tree, as in Gen 2:17,
it would be both every tree (Gen 1:29) & not every tree (Gen 2:17), which would make "God" an oxymoron if "God" said both.
"God" is not an oxymoron.
Seems why Jesus Christ twice refused "mingled" drink on cross (Mt 27:34 & Mk 15:23), accepting only the pure vinegar (Jn 19:29,30); And abolished "the law" of (plural & contrary) "commandments", to make of twain (as if grace & law) one new man (Eph 2:15).
While Psalm 103:8 says the "LORD" [Yehova] is merciful and gracious ... Notice several other verses say contrary things about the "LORD" (aka not merciful nor gracious).
Examples:
Isaiah 13:6 notes the day of the "LORD" comes as "destruction" (not as salvation, or as if both salvation & destruction after = bad end).
In contrast,
the day of "God" comes as salvation (not destruction).
Isaiah 45:7 notes the LORD [Yehova] creates darkness and evil.
In contrast,
"God" is light having no darkness in him at all.
Jeremiah 23:39 notes the LORD [Yehova] will forget & forsake you.
In contrast,
"God" will never leave thee nor forsake thee: Heb 13:5.
Ezekiel 7:24,25 says "LORD" will bring "worst" & no peace to seek.
In contrast,
Grace and peace are from "God" our Father.
Amos 5:18 says day of the LORD is darkness, and not light.
In contrast, in 1John 1:5 God is light having no darkness at all.
So, in Luke 11:35
Jesus Christ said take heed the light in thee be not darkness.
(allegory: take heed the grace in you be not law flawed).
So, Jude contrasts "LORD" & "God". 
"LORD" both saved and afterward destroyed (Jude 1:5).
"God" our Saviour both saves & truths after (1Tim 2:3,4).
S, Jude concluded (by way of LORD vs God contrast): 
"the only wise God" is "God our Saviour" (not LORD saves & destroys after).
Jude 1:5
I will therefore put you in remembrance, though ye once knew this, how that the Lord, having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed them that believed not.
Jude 1:25
To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.
interesting mystery details
clarity: not posted to bash OT LORD [Yehova], but to aware biblical things said about the "LORD" are not nice, but both nice & nasty after; 
As if to allegory portray how LORD & God differ is as if how the Law & Grace differ... 
the "God of all grace" being "all grace" (1Pet 5:10).
What are your insights about how "LORD" & "God" differ?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

