---
title: "post 2744"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\March\post_2744.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2023
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:49:28.053430
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ------M-a-rc-h1-,--------2-----0--23--
---

## Content

Allegory contrast in 2Timothy 3:15-17
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Let's notice this:
in 
2Timothy 3:15-17 KJV (copied below)
Paul therein uses
BOTH "child" and "man",
BOTH plural "scriptures" and singular "scripture",
as if for allegory contrast,
perhaps to allegory reveal God (especially the God of all grace = all grace) does not inspire plural & contrary (law & grace) "scriptures".
For if God did, it would make God to be as if an oxymoron: contrary things mingled (as if why Christ refused mingled drink).
So 3:16,17 notes
it's only all "scripture", as if only all grace script-u-are, that God inspired,
and what is given by inspiration of God is to grow child to man, and so that the "man" of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good [agathos] works (aka all grace works).
2Tim 3:15-17 KJV (CAPS for awareness)
15 And that from a CHILD thou hast known the holy SCRIPTURES, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.
16 All SCRIPTURE is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:
17 That the MAN of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works.
interesting allegory contrast to notice
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

