---
title: "post 2636"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\January\post_2636.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T18:21:56.908942
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

FYI: QUARANTINE aspect (format) of Paul's Epistles & KJV Bible:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Let's see how in Paul's Epistles, by open (greeting) with GRACE & close (salutation) with GRACE, he allegorically quarantines mention of law between Grace & Grace; Allegory as if the only safe way to look at a deadly virus (law: sin: death) is in a quarantined mode. 
Eg: 
format (to quarantine law) aspect of Paul's Epistles:
GREETING: GRACE to you, and peace, from God our Father...
DISCUSION: of law vs grace, Christ abolished law to be peace.
SALUTATION: The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all.
Amen.
Life Coaches call this Pauline Epistle Format a P.E.P. talk:
POSITIVE: Grace greeting, and edification to brethren
EVALUATION: speak edification & exhortation & comfort
POSITIVE: Grace salutation, as if then even more pure positive.
This aspect is also notable for Paul's 14 collective epistles:
BEGIN: Romans 1:7 GRACE & peace from God our Father
JOURNEY: with Apostle Paul thru Romans unto Hebrews
END: Hebrews 13:25 GRACE be with you all. Amen.
For non-KJV readers this format also occurs for the entire Bible:
BEGIN: KJV's Epistle Dedicatory: 3 wishes: GRACE, mercy, peace.
JOURNEY: Genesis 1:1 to Revelation 22:21
END: The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
And for those who haven't noticed, the end Jesus said to endure unto in Revelation 22:21 KJV is the GRACE salutation of Paul (not John), which Paul thrice noted he always penned with his own hand:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

