---
title: "post 3393"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\June\post_3393.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T22:11:50.680280
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: May-----2-------8-,----20--2------4
---

## Content

By 
Daniel Miles
 
Jesus -vs- Christ: Sons of God -vs- Son of God: Standing -vs- Seated
Jesus: was "standing" right in left/right heavens, on high = highminded.
Christ: "sitteth" right in heaven, higher than the heavens: Christ minded.
If 
ye then be risen with Christ, seek things "above", where Christ "sitteth".
Jesus -vs- Christ: Sons of God -vs- Son of God: All sinners -vs- All righteous
Jesus: law imputed sin to make "sinners" all, none righteous, no, not one.
Christ: abolished the law to make all righteous: no law: no sin nor death.
None righteous, not one? God is one. God & Son are one. We all are one.
Jesus -vs- Christ: Accuser of the brethren -vs- I will not accuse you
Jesus: accused scribes and Pharisees of being fools, hypocrites, vipers.
Christ: said do not even think that I (grace and truth) will accuse you.
It is "inexcusable" behaviour, with consequences, to law judge others.
Jesus -vs- Christ: 2nd finished: John 19 -vs- 1st finished: John 17
Jesus: gave place to the devil (law) by saying: it is finished on the cross.
Christ: finished the work God gave him to do, and did it before the cross.
Law imputed sin, when "it is finished", brings forth death, not eternal life.
God cannot be One by Division and Alienation; God is One by Unity and Reconciliation.
Reconciliation unto God does NOT Law impute Sin and Death to anyone at all;
For law imputed sin has a death sting which notably stings all with a dead end.
Said Unity and Reconcialition is NOT for some only; But rather it's Globe-All!

