---
title: "post 2345"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\February\post_2345.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2022
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:36:52.146482
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

What is EVIL? Where did it come from? Let's investigate:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Seems, by connect these verses, it defines what was evil:
Our 
Father ...... deliver us from EVIL: Luke 11:4 (prayer).
Now we are delivered from the LAW: Romans 7:6 (answer).
Seems thereby, evil is allegory connected to law. 
Paul notes, about law, in Romans 7:21
when law good[kalos], then evil[kakos] is present: lastly "evil".
In contrast 
God's grace good[agathos] is neither kalos nor kakos of law.
Learning this helped me put away "both good and evil" of law.
Where did "evil" come from? 
Who said he creates "evil"?
In Isaiah 45:7 it's LORD [Yehovah], not God, who said:
I form the light, and create "darkness"  (lastly darkness of twain).
I make peace, and create "evil" (lastly evil of twain).
Hmmm.
Learning this helped me put away OT LORD[Yehova] ← BC,
to have that God who is light having no darkness in him at all.
Thanks to all who share the grace good[agathos] of God[Theos], to help people overcome both good[kalos] & evil[kakos] thoughts of law with grace good[agathos] thought. 
Truly "God of all grace" has no law to flaw anyone with, and thereby His love is indeed inseparable, even unconditional.
In contrast, 
if we still think of God as being or having law, then what we'll behold is both conditional (if) law goodness[chrestoes] & severity; Because 
law was "both good and evil"  (lastly evil): Hebrews 5:14.
Law works wrath: Romans 4:15
God has not appointed us to wrath (law): 1Thessalonians 5:9.
So,
let's all put away both law good[kalos] & law evil[kakos] to then have only grace good[agathos] of the "God of all grace" has no law to flaw anyone with, nor wrath to wrath anyone with.  
Interesting "mystery" details for our awareness sake.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ (be/is) with you all. Amen.

