---
title: "post 1300"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\November\post_1300.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:35:36.760921
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

IN TIME? a nifty sci-fi movie called IN TIME portrays a heroe FREELY giving people, whose time is expiring, More Time. Then in Midst of movie this Clever theme: 'nobody should have immortality if even one person has to die'. WOW...
That theme, Cleverly put in Midst of a sci-fi movie, act-u-ally lines up with 2Peter 3:9 KJV's mention the Lord is NOT willing that ANY should perish = NONE should perish. Rather ALL should come to 
repentance (aka chanGe of mind, from lie to truth, as if from law to grace); And by having more time...
It reminded me of Hebrews 4:16 KJV, where After "let us therefore come boldly to the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy"; Also "AND find grace to help IN TIME". It's like a 2nd mention of "grace" to also be found "IN TIME"...
It reminded me how we still had BOTH false/true Y2Ks, which was not yet "only true"; But thankfully in that before/after order, to thereby true of twain, have more time; To "go on" from false/true duality to what's above such: "the only true God" is "only true" = Not false, Nor both false/true duality...
It reminded me, in 1Peter 5:10 KJV, there's ALSO "the God of all grace" = "all grace" = Not law, Nor both law/grace duality; Who will MAKE (of create/make) you even more perfect than before (when 1st created in Christ Jesus: Eph 2:10), to end "suffer" mode (of all who will live godly in Christ Jesus shall "suffer": 2Tim 3:12); Which comes "after" (of before/after)... 
It reminded me of how, in 1Timothy 2:4, after noting good and acceptable things (only2/3 of 3 in Rom 12:2b), it clarifies God our Saviour will have more than all saved, notably 2 things:
- all men('anthropos'="liars" in Rom 3:4) saved, AND
- come to the knowledge('epignosis') of the truth (AFTER).
It reminded me how, in 1Cor 13:8 KJV, when it comes to what "never faileth" ("charity", not love=still a commandment), then even 'gnosis' KNOWledge we 1st had shall "vanish away"; As if to be replaced by higher 'epignosis' KNOWledge, like "all truth" of "all grace" is no longer dualism: double minded. For...
in James 1:8 KJV it clarifies even a "double minded" 'aner' man can still be "unstable" in all his "ways" if still having plural (broad/narrow) ways. So...
in 1Cor 12:31...1Cor 13 KJV Paul introduces & clarifies a "more excellent way" (as if neither of broad/narrow ways, and more than a better narrow way of twain), is "charity" (not love), which thinketh "no evil"; And because "evil" is reverse of "live". It's like pure grace thinks no law; For law, being "both good and evil", can start off good, but ends with evil, and thereby be a ministration of death, opposite of live...
So, beyond Y2Ks, when leaders of nations began saying this lie: 'rule of law' = 'new world order'; People who'd been nurtured in God's unconditional love, while also growing in grace and truth, began sharing how they're detoxing from lies believed, as if detoxing from f-laws they've been told. For...
Since Y2Ks, there's been an increase of UnCover CoverUps; Not only more, but faster, making it kNOWn, within a day or hour, things that previously took many years to get kNOWn. 
It's all about how Amazing Grace act-u-ally is. and IN TIME.

