---
title: "post 1795"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\August\post_1795.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2019
comments: 2
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:39:42.209571
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Reasons to Leave Old Testament (not just it's old covenant):
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
OT had no mention of "eternal life". God, that cannot lie, promised only eternal life (not OT everlasting life). Book of Revelation, symbolized from OT, also has no eternal life.
OT was Old of Old/New. Jesus Christ Lk 5:36 noted the new agreeth not with the old. Hebrews 8:7,13 notes in saying new it makes 
old not only faulty but even ready to vanish away.
OT was "law and prophets". NT reveals law demands perfect, but cannot make any comers perfect; So law should be put away. Hebrews 1:1,2 clarifies God has not spoken to us by any prophets; So prophecies of prophets don't apply to us, which would include the new covenant prophecy in OT.
OT was "time past"; So now accounted as bwd←BC time. For Heb 1:1,2 notes God has not spoken to us in time past. So time itself was changed ww, into BC← & →AD. It's now AD.
OT concluded " there are none righteous, no, not one". NT brings righteousness upon all, gifted by grace through faith.
OT had a Law God who had goodness and severity; But even the goodness thereof was conditional on you being good, and always accompanied with severity. NT has a Grace us God who's goodness is not conditional and has no severity att'd.
OT LORD(Yehovah) is not nice: hates in Proverbs 6:16; creates evil in Isaiah 45:7; forsakes in Jeremiah 23:39; And his day is darkness and not light in Amos 5:18. So Luke 11:35 said take heed therefore that the light in thee be not darkness.
Such things are not said to speak against OT, but about it.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

