---
title: "post 3455"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\August\post_3455.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T00:59:05.788233
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: ---Aug------u-st-1-----6,--------20------2-4
---

## Content

GRACE 
And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the GRACE of God was upon him.
~Luke 2:40 
For 
the law was given by Moses, but GRACE and truth came by Jesus Christ.
~John 1:17 
To all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints: GRACE to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
~Romans 1:7 
Moreover the law entered, that the offence might abound. But where sin abounded, GRACE did much more abound: That as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might GRACE reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord.
~Romans 5:20,21 
For sin shall not have dominion over you: for ye are not under the law, but under GRACE.
~Romans 6:14 
The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
~Romans 16:24 
And God is able to make all GRACE abound toward you; that ye, always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work:
~2Corinthians 9:8 
I do not frustrate the GRACE of God: for if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain.
~Galatians 2:21 
Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace.
~Galatians 5:4 
For by GRACE are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:
~Ephesians 2:8 
Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister GRACE unto the hearers.
~Ephesians 4:29 
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write. The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
~2Thessalonians 3:17,18 
The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
~Revelation 22:21 KJV

