---
title: "post 2924"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\July\post_2924.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2023
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T18:10:21.892627
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Revelation defines itself as PROPHECY [propheteia] 7x,
Yet 1Cor 13:8 KJV said PROPHECIES [propheteia] shall fail.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
PROPHECIES (aka Revelation PROPHECY): propheteia: SHALL FAIL:
1Corinthians 13:8 KJV
Charity [agape] never faileth: but 
whether there be PROPHECIES [propheteia], they shall fail; 
whether there be tongues, they shall cease; 
whether there be knowledge [gnosis], it shall vanish away.
note: perhaps prophecies shall fail allegory refers to law prophecies, which speak of wrath, harm, destruction, punishment, vengeance; instead of grace does prophesy of an end to such harmful things.
Revelation refers to itself as PROPHECY 7x:
Revelation 1:3
Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this PROPHECY, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.
Revelation 11:6
These have power to shut heaven, that it rain not in the days of their PROPHECY: and have power over waters to turn them to blood, and to smite the earth with all plagues, as often as they will.
Revelation 19:10
And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See thou do it not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of PROPHECY.
Revelation 22:7
Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the PROPHECY of this book.
Revelation 22:10
And he saith unto me, Seal not the sayings of the PROPHECY of this book: for the time is at hand.
Revelation 22:18
For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the PROPHECY of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:
Revelation 22:19
And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this PROPHECY, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus → Christ be/is with you all. Amen.

