---
title: "post 2973"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\September\post_2973.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T16:36:39.154176
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"CHARITY" [AGAPE] clarity in 1Corinthians 13 KJV:
- it's not "love"[agape], but a higher form of 'agape' than "love".
- it's not bestow your goods to feed the poor: 1Cor 13:3 KJV.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
A "more excellent way" noted in 1Cor 12:31 KJV is then called "charity" (NOT love, for Greek 'agape') in 1Cor 13:1-13 KJV; 
Because Jesus had Matthew 24:12 said re "love"[agape]: 
"the love"[agape] of many shall wax cold".
So, in KJV:
"charity" is portrayed as if some higher form of 'agape' than love;
For 1Cor 13:8 KJV says "Charity never faileth" (for any of many).
(aka charity never waxes cold of Cold←>LukeWarm→Hot).
note:
modern bibles disagree and change charity to love in 1Cor 13. 
1Cor 13:3 KJV also clarifies that "charity" is not bestow your goods to feed the poor, but more than give money or food to poor. Eg:
1Corinthians 13:1-3 KJV
Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal. And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing.
1Cor 13:5 KJV also clarifies charity "thinketh no evil",
(as if to think no evil: neither to punish nor even to forgive)
As if to clarify that is why & how "Charity[agape] never faileth".
1Corinthians 13:4-8 KJV
Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, Doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, 
thinketh no evil;
Rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth; Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things.
Charity never faileth: but 
whether there be prophecies, they shall fail; 
whether there be tongues, they shall cease; 
whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away.
1Corinthians 13:13 KJV clarifies "charity" is "greatest" of "three" (allegory as if "greatest" of great→greater→greatest):
1Corinthians 13:13 KJV
And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.
Further on, in Colossians 3:12-14 KJV, the KJV also clarifies that "charity" (not love) can be new man put on as the 8th above 7, even above forgiving one another. Eg:
8 - charity: the bond of perfectness 
7 - forgiving one another 
6 - forbearing one another 
5 - longsuffering 
4 - meekness 
3 - humbleness of mind 
2 - kindness 
1 - bowels of mercies
interesting clarity about "charity" [agape] in KJV.
pretty much not known, as modern bibles change charity to love.
note:
not posted to suggest KJV ONLY-ism, 
nor to diminish the "love" of God (inseparable in Rom 8:39),
but to consider why KJV Translators used "charity" for 1Cor 13.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

