---
title: "post 1681"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\March\post_1681.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2019
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:30:57.921808
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M--a---------rc---h---1--,--2---01-9-
---

## Content

I was having an unknown endless mirror war with myselves, until Spirit helped me realize "image" differs from "likeness". 
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Interesting how a mirror (image) reverses things. Eg: show LIVE to mirror and mirror will reverse such to EVIL, allegory as if to mirrorly reflect back the reverse from the dark side. 
So 
it's like an endless mirror war. Raise your right hand & mirror (reverse image) will raise it's left hand, as if to contrary say, from dark side, left is what's right. Hmmm...
Seems allegory as how Hebrew was read left←right, as reverse of English is read left→right. So why OT/NT time changed from bwd←BC to AD→fwd so all may be right. 
A biblical example of this mirror reversal is how Son of man (OT←term), in Mt 25:31-46, claims he'll come again and divide sheep/goats to right/left (reverse of left/right); And then offer sheep "life eternal" (reverse of "eternal life"). Hmmm...
Seems "life eternal" ← & → "eternal life" only both NT occur until John 17, then only "eternal life", being what (true) God, that "cannot lie", promised, before the world began: Titus 1:2. 
Seems why Son of man ← & → Son of God only both occur in Mt-Acts (wherein Jesus still 2Sons = 2voices: Jn 5:25-29); But only Son of God in Romans→fwd, wherein Paul clarifies in Christ he now only lives by the faith of the Son of God. 
So it seems mirror (image) reversal is allegory like OT Son of man is in mirror reversing your NT Son of God likeness (eternal life) to what's image reverse (life eternal). Hmmm...
Seems only way to end such a mirror war of 
endless evil (left←right) vs live (left→right) is to 
from such turn away and let reverse image vanish away.
I humbly admit
I didn't know this until Spirit helped me to notice, and began to reveal how "image" (before) is not "likeness" (after): Genesis 1:26b, as if to help me learn by mirror contrast how law (evil before) is like reverse of grace (live after).
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus Christ" [be/is] with you all. Amen.

