---
title: "post 3306"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\April\post_3306.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2024
comments: 2
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-13T21:23:47.531761
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M---ar---c------h--1-5-,-----2---0---2--4
---

## Content

God: 
the only true God ... the only wise God?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Luke 
20:38 KJV (God of the living):
For he is not a God of the dead, but of the living: for all live unto him. 
(note: possible allegory meaning: God is not law, but grace).
John 17:2 KJV (the only true God):
And this is life eternal that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.
Romans 15:33 KJV (God of peace):
Now the God of peace be with you all. Amen.
1Corinthians 14:33 KJV (God: author of peace):
God is not the author of confusion, but of peace. 
1Timothy 2:3,4 KJV (God our Saviour):
... God our Saviour; Who will have ALL men to be saved, and  to come unto the (higher) knowledge [epignosis] of the truth.
note: 
"God our Saviour" will have all both saved & truthed differs from LORD [Yehova] both saved & destroyed afterward, in Jude 1:5.
James 1:5 KJV (the God that upbraideth not)
If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.
note:
Seems this differs from Jesus upbraided both before the cross (Matthew 11:20) and after the cross (Mark 16:14) until ascended and received into heaven and sat down on the right hand of God.
1Peter 5:10 KJV (the God of all grace):
But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you. 
1John 1:5 KJV (that God is light only, no darkness at all):
This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all.
(note: seems allegory for God of all grace has no law in him at all)
Jude 1:25 KJV (the only wise God = God our Saviour; not OT LORD):
To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.
What are your insights about the only true God & only wise God?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

