---
title: "post 1412"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\March\post_1412.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:59:30.883988
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M-a-r-ch--2-----4--,----------2-01----8-
---

## Content

Follow? OT theme was "walk before me" = law driven; But NT theme is "follow me" = grace led. Yet we find, when Jesus was still 2Sons, he still had 2multitudes in Mt 21:9 at his Palm Sunday entrance to Jerusalem:
- a multitude that went before him, as if Son of man (law) driven,
- a multitude that followed after him, as if Son of God (grace) led.
Both said Hosanna, but 1 later also said Crucify him, crucify him.
Why?
Seems when still "Master, master": Lk 8:24 he was still two many masters; And when still 2Sons he revelaed he still had 2voices: Jn 5:25-29:
- voice of Son of God = only "live" (as if only grace)
- voice of Son of man = also "judgment" (law) from "graves"
So,
in Jn 16:7-13 noted he had to "go away" (aka re-ascend to Father), so, from there: far above all [plural] heavens, he could send you the Spirit of truth to be your new "guide" = follow me "into all truth" = even yet more than "the truth" in Jn 14:6 was still only 2/3 of 3 things:
I am = the way(1/3), the truth(2/3), and the life(3/3).
So, it's interesting to notice, that 
beyond Acts (LukeWarm mix-two-are), there's NO more mention of Son of man, ONLY Son of God, and then it's
Grace (not law, nor both law/grace) to you, and peace (not confusion), from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
So Paul's theme was follow me as I follow Christ (of through our Lord Jesus Christ, in Christ it's the end of the law); And to bewitched churches noted if "led of the Spirit" result is "not under the law", yet noted it takes led of Spirit, through all 9 fruit of Spirit, from love...to...temperance, is then "no law"; 
As if
then no longer need to be commanded, like child=servant.
So, let's all be "led of the Spirit" (rather than Twitter or FaceBook 'follow' suggestions) into all truth of all grace.

