---
title: "post 0029"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\January\post_0029.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T17:31:52.253251
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery: Contrasting Two Biblical Gods: Law & Grace.
The God of the living (Grace) is not God of the dead (Law):
Matthew 22:32...Mark 12:27...Luke 20:38...Hebrews 10:31.
Matthew 22:32 KJV
"God 
is not the God of the dead, but of the living", aka
God of Abraham, and God of Isaac, and God of "Jacob"*.
*anyone ever wonder why it doesn't say God of Israel. 
Mark 12:27 KJV
"He is not the God of the dead, but the God of the living: 
ye* therefore do greatly err". 
*ye do err, 
by not knowing scriptures nor the power of God: Mt 22:29
Luke 20:38 KJV
"For he is not a God of the dead*, but of the living: 
for all live unto him". 
*let the dead bury their dead (notably mentioned twice)
Hebrews 10:31 KJV
" [It is] a fearful thing to fall* into the hands of the living God".
*Christ is become of no effect unto you, 
whosoever of you are justified by the law; 
ye are fallen from grace. ~ Galatians 5:4. 
SO THEN, "God of the living" isn't "the living God",
as if to allegory say Grace (Life) isn't Law (Death).
So it's both fearful & a fall, to fall unto living Law.
Which things are an "allegory": Galatians 4:22-26.
"The God of all grace" (aka no law at all) cannot lie nor die;
He will make "you" perfect... after "ye" suffer: 1Peter 5:10.
2Corinthians 5:19 KJV: "To wit, THAT GOD was in Christ, 
- reconciling the world unto himself, 
- not imputing their trespasses unto them; and
- hath committed unto us the word* of reconciliation".
*the word of reconciliation is Grace. Law is alienation.

