---
title: "post 2342"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\February\post_2342.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2022
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:36:52.053433
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -Feb------rua-ry----3------------,-----2--02--2
---

## Content

about the book called REVELATION: the AUTHOR of it...
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
official title in pre-1900 AKJV was/is:
"The 
Revelation [apokalypsis: uncovering] of St John The Divine".
(aka uncovering of a saint named John thought to be divine)
and then in
Revelation 1:1 AKJV
"The Revelation [apokalypsis: uncovering] of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John".
So,
it's allegory as if 2 revelations (aka uncoverings):
Revelation (uncovering) of St John (servant)
Revelation (uncovering) of Jesus Christ
for allegoric comparison to see who's got what it takes to be divine.
NOTE:
The last verse was/is the salutation of Paul (not John), always written with Paul's own hand (thrice noted by Paul) to thereby clarify it's Paul's epistle.
So written at the early date: pre AD70 (probably AD 64-66), not by John at the later date of AD90-95.
So
to ass-u-me it's written by John is perhaps erroneous assumption, even though it says John several times therein.
Seems
John did write to 7 angels of 7 churches in Asia (noted in Acts 20:4), which Galatians noted bewitched churches of Galatia (in Asia).
But
Paul wrote "The Revelation of St John The Divine" as a gotcha-spoof on John being "turned" to what was "behind" him (aka the law) like a dog "turned" to it's own vomit (noted by Peter in 2Pet 2:22).
NOTES:
7 mentions of "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith UNTO THE CHURCHES" refers to Galatians: the book written UNTO THE CHURCHES.
John's writings NEVER made mention of "revelation", but Paul's writings did 10x, and Peter's 1x.
The Revelation of Jesus Christ is in Paul's epistles, as his "angel" (aka his minister) noted in Rev 1:1, who sign-ified it by the last verse being salutation of Paul:
The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ BE WITH YOU ALL. AMEN.

