---
title: "post 2631"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\January\post_2631.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2023
comments: 13
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-06T18:18:00.187804
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

God is not an oxymoron that he would say both every tree and not every tree.
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Let's review Genesis 1 - 3 KJV to see it was NOT "God"[Elohim] who commanded the man (woman still in man) both every tree and not every tree (contrary things) in Gen 2:16,17, but it notably was the (dual, twain) "LORD[Yehova] God[Elohim]":
Genesis 2:16,17 KJV
16 And the LORD[Yehova] God[Elohim] commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat:
17 But of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.
notes:
that's both every tree and not every tree (contrary things: allegory as contrary as grace: Gen 2:16 & law: Gen 2:17), which, if mingled, such contrary things mingled make an oxymoron. 
It's why God's Christ refused "mingled" drink (Mt 27:34; Mk 15:23) and abolished the law (aka Gen 2:17) of (such plural & contrary) commandments (Eph 2:15).
and
such every tree & not every tree commanded was an oxymoron.
For
"God" [Elohim] had said "every tree" in Gen 1:29, 
Genesis 1:29 KJV (God [Elohim] had said "every tree"):
And God[Elohim] said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat. 
so the "every tree" and "freely" commanded man in Gen 2:16 would allegory be as grace, freely given "of God", noted in 1Cor 2:12;
But
the not every tree (allegory as if law) also commanded would not be "of God", lest it make "God" an oxymoron by saying contrary things: every tree & not every tree.
Seems then, the not every tree also commanded was said by "LORD", not by "God".
So,
in Gen 3:1 the serpent asks the "woman" (now taken out of man): Yea, hath "God" said Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden (aka did "God"[Elohim] say both Gen 1:29 & Gen 2:17)?
note:
if "God" said every tree & not every tree it makes an oxymoron.
Sadly
woman's reply in Gen 3:2,3 was not accurate, by saying "God" had said not to eat of tree in the "midst" of the garden, which in Gen 2:9 included both trees planted by "LORD God"[Yehova Elohim].
Genesis 2:9 KJV
And out of the ground made the LORD[Yehova] God[Elohim] to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
Genesis 3:2,3 KJV
And the woman said unto the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden:
But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, "God" [Elohim] hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest ye die.
note:
oops, serpent asked if "God" had said not every tree (Gen 2:17),
and woman, in reply, said yes, it was "God" who said it,
but it was not God, rather it was LORD God who said Gen 2:17.
So, apostle Paul noted these things:
- where no law, there no transgression: Rom 4:15.
- more law (10 in stone, over 300 in ink) got "added" because of transgressions, till the seed (aka Christ) should come: Gal 3:16,19.
- Adam was not deceived, but the woman, being deceived, was in the transgression (aka the woman was in the law): 1Tim 2:4.
Point:
God is not an oxymoron, so Christ refused "mingled" drink (allegory grace & law mingled), but accepted pure vinegar (as if pure grace).
What are your insights about such things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

