---
title: "post 1043"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\February\post_1043.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T19:28:26.127175
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Interesting share of how Grace Never Ends, only Law does. Shared for consideration of how 'rule of law' seems to have ADDED law, again, since Y2Ks, and how it seems to have drawn many bwd to Trump-et's 'GreatAgain', of Great - Greater - Greatest, instead of fwd to 3rd of 3.

GRACE NEVER STOPS AND NEVER ENDS
GIFT: Grace Inspiration For Today
Gal. 3:19 - Wherefore then serveth the law? It was ADDED because of transgressions...
In the secular world, a grace PERIOD can be given for obligations to be met. Often it's short compared with the original time span. Added to this is the mounting pressure to fulfill the demands. Such is not really grace but law with extended time frame.
What about God's grace? How LONG is the grace period that God truly extends to mankind? Dispensationalists divide history into periods of innocence, law and now the time of grace. Truth is God is the God of grace from beginning to end. Right from Adam to the sojourn of Israel, through the historical kingdoms, and through the Gospels and early Church, the world has been living in that ONE dispensation of God's grace!
What about the law then? Wasn't there an interruption to grace from Sinai to Calvary? Gal. 3:19 states the law was ADDED because of transgressions. There was that period when the law was placed alongside grace. Grace was never removed. It was there even in the time of the law. If not for His grace, how then did the Jews not only survive but also thrive until today?
With Christ fulfilling the law, it's now done away with. We're now living completely in grace without the law tagging along. Even for those who are law based, they're also in His grace. God's blessings are with them DESPITE their lawfulness. Perhaps that's the reason why they're yet to attribute what they have to His grace as they think they got them all by their works.
Thank God, He has not set a time limit for all to come to the knowledge of His grace. He doesn't push or pressure any into realization. Lest there be any intolerance with the lawful, remember He WAITED too for us to catch the revelation. Shouldn't we allow Him who's in us to continue extending grace to others who are yet to comprehend?
Unlike secular grace periods, the spiritual one is without time frame. There's no 120 years or even 6000 years limit set. Grace is unlimited in all dimensions, including time. As His mercy endures forever, so is His gracious favor.  It's indeed blessed to be living in never-ending grace!
Yours in Grace Revelation
Daniel Leong

