---
title: "post 1914"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\February\post_1914.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2020
comments: 2
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:15:31.769089
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

LOVE & GRACE? Both "of God"; Yet Grace seems "much more"; Allegory as "charity" is "more excellent" than "love".
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Rom 8 portrays love[agape] of God is inseparable, Yet Jesus first Mt 24:12 said re love[agape}: "Because inquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold"; As if to say love can draw←back to cOLD←>LukeWarm→Hot. In contrast, Grace takes us even 
beyond LukeWarm, to fervent charity.
Love was/is always a commandment (law) to disobey/obey. Grace does not command any, but awares all with truth till we all no longer need to be commanded like a child or servant.
Love turns the other cheek, as if to receive yet more abuse. Grace gives abuse (law) both cheeks as it walks away. LOL.
Love may forgive, but not forget. Grace not only forgives all, but helps purge conscience, so charity can be put on above forgiving; For when no evil is thought, then nothing to forgive. So KJV contrasts love & charity as excellent & more excellent.
Rom 5:8-10 notes God 1st commended his love toward us in that Christ died for us; Yet then twice says "much more", as if grace saved is from potential wrath & by his life (not death).
2Cor 8:7 tells Corinthians as they abound in faith, utterance, diligence, knowledge, love, to then abound in grace also.
While love is 1st of 9 fruit aspects of Spirit, it takes led past 5th is still law goodness, to then have grace goodness as 6th.
Love is oft people allegorized as a bridge over troubled water. Yet grace is more like let's not give place to troubled water.
1John twice says God is love, but also says love has to be perfected to be perfect love; Yet 1John has no grace nor mercy nor peace, and themes keep commandments (laws). In contrast Paul themes flush all laws as if dung to then be as fulness of Christ, as if then be graceful, merciful, peaceful.
Seems Love is WONDERful; Yet Grace is more ONEderful.
Seems why, in end of biblical story, it doesn't say love, but:
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

