---
title: "post 2988"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\September\post_2988.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T16:37:49.947068
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

September 11th...
Are there still LIES told & beLIEved: Titanic ... 9/11 ... ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
100 
yrs later msm people still tell & beLIEve a LIE that Titanic sank.
Reported Story Correction: 
They sank Olympic with a Titanic name plate for the in$urance. Titanic, with Olympic name plate, sailed on thru a war to junk yard. 
Question: how much of history is true?
Perhaps:
22 yrs later msm people still tell & beLIEve LIEs about 9/11. 
Seems it may have also been deliberately done for the $, 
and also to justify decades of wars. 
Question: which of so many media stories about 9/11 are true?
(bible notes Spirit of truth will guide you into all truth = no lie)
Recently, 
questions are posed by doctors & experts world wide, about how much of a declared pandemic may have been a plandemic (?), 
IF early out patient treatment, that proved successful at prevent hospitalization and death, was suppressed, and in patient protocol did not allow it. 
Yet 
doctors & experts who dare speak out about such protocol or pose concerns about so-called DNA & mRNA vaccines are not only suppressed, but called conspiracy theory lunatics & threatened.
Question: why would treatment that worked not be allowed, and evidence about vaccine side effects be gov't & media suppressed?
What are your insights/opinions about such things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

