---
title: "post 2627"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\January\post_2627.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2023
comments: 5
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-06T18:18:00.034805
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Delicate Topic:
Are "Son of man" & "Son of God" different?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
TWAIN terms: "Son of man" & "Son of God" occur for "Jesus" in Matthew to Acts; BUT beyond Acts NO "Son of man" is mentioned, ONLY "Son of God" is mentioned for the gospel of "Christ", which in Romans → forward is through Jesus → Christ: is not twain, but one.
Many say Jesus was 100% man (as Son of man) & 100% God (as Son of God); But Numbers 23:19 had noted "God" is not a man that he should lie, neither son of man than he should repent.
Jesus, in John 4:24, clarified God is Spirit.
Seems only as "Son of God" is Jesus like "the only true God" & "the only wise God": graceful, merciful, peaceful. 
When "Son of man" asked disciples whom say ye that I (Son of man) am? Simon-Peter said thou art the "Christ". But then "Jesus" said "tell no man" this: Mt 16:30; Mk 8:30; Lk 9:21. Hmmm.
Mt 27:54 & Mk 15:39 note the centurion at the cross said Truly this man was the "Son of God" (not Son of man nor twain).
God did not send plural Sons, but one only begotten "Son", and save the world is "through him" (through Jesus → Christ): John 3:16,17; For the "only begotten" Son is not Son of man nor twain, but "Son of God": John 3:16-18. 
Mt 25:31-46 notes "Son of man" coming in his (law) glory would be sheep/goats divisional and send some away to "everlasting punishment". Note: This is NOT merciful, and does have partiality. Son of God Jesus noted Father is merciful: Lk 6:36. Paul noted God has no partiality: Rom 2:11.
Lk 17:24-30 notes a day of "Son of man" would be like the days of Noah & the days of Lot, where the noted result was "destroyed (not saved) them all". This is similar to Jude 1:5's reminder that the OT LORD [Yehova] both saved and afterward destroyed the people (as if law, was both good and evil, lastly evil, reverse of live). Hmmm.
In contrast
"Son of God" would not destroy: Mt 5:17 nor even accuse: Jn 5:45.
Jn 3;14 notes "Son of man" must be lifted up like Moses lifted up a "serpent". Note: that did not stop serpents biting people, but only healed them after bitten, when they looked at the brazen serpent Moses lifted up on a pole.
Seems "Son of man" is both nice & nasty (as if law is both good & evil). He healed all, but then upbraided & threatened them after.
"Son of God" is nice only (as if grace is good only).
Seems Jesus played both parts to reveal how law & grace differ.
But Eph 2;15 notes of "twain" within him, he abolished the law.
Seems why, for gospel of "Christ" through Jesus → Christ in Romans forward there is NO more mention of Son of man, but ONLY Son of God, as then being not twain, but one: the "only begotten": only the "Son of God", as "Christ" is the end of law.
Seems in John 5:25-29 Jesus revealed that when he was still 2 Sons: twain: both Son of God & Son of man, that then he still had 2 voices saying 2 different things: "live" & "judgment [krisis] also", even calling for 2 resurrections: 
resurrection of "life" & resurrection of "damnation" = bad end.
Seems Jesus oft "turned" himself about to say different things. For eg: in Mt 16:17 he complimented Peter, then in 16:23 "turned" and called Peter "Satan". 
But as if only the voice of Son of God in Jn 5:45 noted he would not even accuse any.
Clarity: 
this is not posted to speak against Son of man nor against Jesus, but to consider what is written about Son of man & Son of God; And notice NO mention of Son of man beyond Acts, is then called gospel of "Christ", of through Jesus → Christ, as if then having gone through his 2 Sons Jesus mode to his 1 Son Christ mode.
What are your insights about "Son of man" & "Son of God"?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

