---
title: "post 3241"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\March\post_3241.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2024
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-04T18:38:32.806633
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: ---M-ar--c-h5,-2--0-----2--4----------
---

## Content

Biblical THIRD of THREE
allegory like great → greater → greatest of three
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Some 
3rd of 3 examples many don't notice:
I am: John 14:6
3 - and the life.
2 - the truth,
1 - the way
greatest of three: 1Cor 13:13 KJV
3 - charity: greatest of these three,
2 - hope 
1 - faith 
in Christ, shall all be made alive: 1Cor 15:22-47.
3 - in Christ: all made alive 
2 - last Adam (quickening spirit): as in "Adam" all die,
1 - first man Adam (living soul): as in "Adam" all die. 
a more excellent way: 1Cor 12:31 (called charity in 1Cor 13 KJV).
3 - a more excellent way (as if is life, for all: above many/few) 
2 - narrow way (of few: only leadeth to life) 
1 - broad way (of man7: leadeth to destruction)
third day perfected: Luke 13:32
3 - and the third (day) I shall be perfected,
2 - and I do cures to day and to morrow,
1 - I cast out devils
no more a servant, but a son: Galatians 4:7
3 - thou art no more a servant, but a son 
2 - servants of righteousness (Romans 6:18),
1 - servants of sin (Romans 6:17),
be not children (are still childish), but man-kind:  
3 - be not children, but man: 1Cor 13:11; 1Cor 14:20; Eph 4:14 
2 - children of God 
1 - children of wicked (tares): Mt 13:38; of the flesh: Romans 9:8
Heart established "with grace": Hebrews 13:9 KJV
3 - it is good that the heart be established WITH GRACE.
2 - UNDER GRACE: Romans 6,
1 - UNDER LAW: Romans 6, 
God-ward: 2Cor 3:4
3 - through Christ to God-ward.
2 - through Jesus → Christ to be in Christ: all things new,
1 - Jesus: 2Sons: Son of man & Son of God; still old & new.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

