---
title: "post 0148"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\June\post_0148.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T20:56:36.778807
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Seems 'Rule of Law', promoted by political & religious leaders,
doing what Bible says Law does: makes sin "exceeding sinful". 
Eg: end result of a war on drugs = exceedingly more drugs; 
Eg: result of war on terrorists = exceedingly more terrorists.
Eg: 
religious warfare on the devil = exceedingly more devils.
So, in response to Rom 7's law is "holy, just, good, spiritual":
Yes; BUT
- Yes: law is good; BUT "good and evil" ends "exceeding" evil.
- Yes: law is holy; BUT holy + "unholy" = exceeding "unstable".
- Yes: law is just; BUT just + unjust = exceedingly "unjust judge".
- Yes: law is spiritual; BUT then it's called "spiritual wickedness".
Yes: law is not only ROOT source of all manner of sin: 
- where (no) law, there (no) transgression: Rom 4:15
- when (no) law, then (no) sin is IMPuted: Rom 4:8; 5:13
BUT law ALSO "the strength of sin": 1Corinthians 15:56.
So then, the law is the "strong man" of the house of sin;
And if bind/loose duality exists, bound devil gets loosed.
Then it's not just deceive the elect, but also the nations.
Further... more:
Law is ROOT cause of dis-ease, both physical & mental;
So, beyond many 'state of emergency' cries,
and beyond many 'out of control' cries, is
even yet another cry: here come the "plagues".
(aka the epidemics, and the pandemics)
Further... more:
Beyond Rev 16's  
#ARMageddon
 is the "great hail",
"every stone" of it being about  
#SoccerBall
 size;
For Rev 1:7 promises the result of law is ww "wail". 
All this, perhaps aptly described as 
#ClusterFuck
,
Could be a-voided by simply flushing law as dung.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

