---
title: "post 2818"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\May\post_2818.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T23:42:30.491887
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: ------M-ay---2-4,---------20-2----3
---

## Content

MASS SHOOTINGS: 
202 in USA so far in 2023: 
that's more than 1 per day.
What is the root cause?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Seems this evil deed is root sourced in law's "concupiscence", mentioned in Romans 7:8, which is what needs to be addressed, rather than just take away guns; 
For mass killings can happen by knives, vehicles, bombs, or fires.
CONCUPISCENCE Note:
law's "concupiscence" aspect can take a good law abider captive, and give them an overwhelming evil desire to do the very things forbidden by law, such as thou shall not kill. 
Then it guilt trips with PTSD till feel suicidal for do it.
Law works wrath: Romans 4:15.
Wrath can be deadly.
Seems the more political leaders say 'rule of law' (instead of grace, mercy, peace), the more it seems to trigger unaware law people getting taken captive and radicalized by law (works wrath), then made to do horrible things (as if do such to fulfill the law or to please a law god), such as not just kill, but mass kill.
Let's learn about "concupiscence" of law and aware share about it, to help end mass killings, by helping to aware about it.
What is your insight about law 'concupiscence" ?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

