---
title: "post 2977"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\September\post_2977.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2023
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-07T16:37:06.516203
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Jesus did not preach the "kingdom of God" until John (as Elijah: OT law prophet) beheaded: As if only then the end of law and prophets.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Matthew 11:13;  Mark 1:14,15; Luke 16:16 note Jesus did not yet begin to preach "the kingdom of God" (aka now grace & truth time) until John the Baptist (as 2nd coming of Elijah: Malachi 4:5, violent OT law prophet who didn't yet die) 
got put in prison and put to death;
For 
John (as OT Elijah: violent law prophet) had still said "wrath to come" (allegory law to come), instead of grace, mercy, peace to come...
As if only then, when John beheaded, it was then the end of law and prophets, then time for "kingdom of God" grace and truth to be preached.
Matthew 11:13 KJV
For all the prophets and the law prophesied until John.
Mark 1:14,15 KJV
Now after that John was put in prison, Jesus came into Galilee, preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God, And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.
Luke 16:16 KJV
The law and the prophets were until John: since that time the kingdom of God is preached, and every man presseth into it.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

