---
title: "post 1449"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\April\post_1449.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:14:24.973046
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

What I learned, about "scriptures" vs "scripture", by the Spirit:
God is not author of confusion (aka not of plural & contrary script-u-ares, which if "mingled" make u an oxymoron), but of peace (aka higher & singular script-U-are now in Christ, of through our Lord Jesus Christ, Christ = the end of the law): 1Cor 14:33 (allegory in brackets was revelation of Spirit, to lovingly help me end my previous bi-polar dis-order mode). 
For when 
I was still in 2SonsJesus mode, I was still believing and saying both nice + nasty things, like I'm saved, but others are going to hell. Friends & family had to ignore me, for a decade, until I finally got free of such bi-polar dis-order.
So the Spirit also 
gracefully prompted me to re-read this, for my learning...
in 2Tim 3:15-17 KJV, fatherly Paul to sonly Timothy: 
uses both plural "scriptures" & singular "scripture", also both "child" & "man", to allegory note what God inspired was all "scripture" (not "scriptures"), notably for doctrine, reproof, correction, instruction in righteousness; And to help upgrade us from our "child" mode to a fully furnished "man" mode.
Then the Spirit got me to re-read Rom 4:7,8 to notice:
in Rom 4:7 & 4:8 it contrasts 2 kinds of "blessed"; Which helped me to learn and upgrade my "blessed" mode:
- from diaper blessed, as them = sin forgiven & covered.
- to man blessed = no sin imputed to forgive nor cover up.
For God said: let us make "man" (not babes nor child-ren).
So Paul first helped babes be children, then also said be not children (still have malice) in 1Cor 14:20 & Eph 4:14-32.
So for me, in Christ, it was like first growing up, beyond a carnal babe, to a spiritual child, then also putting away my child-ish things to be-come a man: 1Cor 13:11; Which is no longer 'anthropos' judge-mental man: Rom 2:1, but 'aner' man in greek, noted in 1Cor 11:3; 1Cor 13:11; Rom 4:8; Eph 4:13.
It's amazing what we may learn, and be transformed into, when led of the Spirit of truth: our new Spirit-u-all guide(follow me) into "all truth" of higher "God of all grace" will then make you even much more Spirit-U-all, to end suffer: 1Peter 5:10

