---
title: "post 2983"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\September\post_2983.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T16:37:30.965778
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

AUTHOR OF HEBREWS?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Proofs the Author of Hebrews is Paul.
(not 
Apollos, nor Barnabas, nor Peter)
I - Pre-1900 Authorized King James Version by Oxford has this title:
"The Epistle of Paul The Apostle To The Hebrews".
(that's why it's grouped together with Paul's epistles)
II - Oxford KJV has NT end notes, but ONLY for ALL of Paul's epistles. So by Hebrews has an end note makes it a Pauline epistle.
Hebrews 13:25 Oxford KJV end note:
"Written to the Hebrews from Italy by Timothy".
(aka Timothy penned the epistle Paul orated)
III - Hebrews ends with Paul's (hand written) grace salutation, which Paul thrice noted he always wrote with his own hand.
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ BE WITH YUO ALL. AMEN.
Titus 3:15 KJV
Grace be with you all. Amen.
Hebrews 13:25 KJV
Grace be with you all. Amen.
IV - Paul always uses both "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" in all his epistles, but always turns mention of "Christ Jesus" around to "Jesus Christ", as it also does in Hebrews.
Hebrews 3:1 = "Christ Jesus"
Hebrews 10 - 13 = "Jesus Christ",
V - Only Paul qualifies, as noted in Philippians 3:5
Circumcised the eighth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, an Hebrew of the Hebrews.
VI - AGAIN: Hebrews uses both "Christ Jesus" and "Jesus Christ", which ONLY Paul and 1Peter do; But Paul always turns mention of "Christ Jesus" around to "Jesus Christ" in all his epistles, which it does in Hebrews. 
Hebrews 3:1 mentions "Christ Jesus", 
then it changes to mention of "Jesus Christ" in Hebrews 10 - 13.
VII - Hebrews is written as if a mini bible itself, allegory contrasting law and grace, as why it does not include a greeting.
The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ BE WITH YOU ALL. AMEN.

