---
title: "post 1790"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\August\post_1790.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:39:16.002646
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Mass Shootings: What's evident? It's Evil Concpuiscence manifesting.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
By over 200 Mass Shootings ww so far this year, 13 in USA this week, it's called "worst" year for such. Yet what's evident from Bible search is word "worst" only occured once, back in Ezekiel 7:24 = OT←BC, where OT LORD (not God) said he'd bring "worst", followed by "Destruction cometh, and they 
shall seek peace, and there shall be none". But, how(?) does such "worst"←BC happen in AD? By "evil concupiscence" of law.
Evil concupiscence of law (not put away) can/does evidently take people captive & make them do "evil" = reverse of "live". For "law worketh wrath": Rom 4:15. Law, by being "both good and evil", is lastly evil. So if law is not put away, it's lastly deadly, resulting in death tolls. It's why God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation (from wrath: Rom 5:9) by our Lord Jesus Christ (grace & truth): 1Th 5:9.
Seems, from evidence, the more political & religious leaders say 'rule of law', the more mass shootings manifest. Yet such is not said to accuse nor blame any; Rather only to help grace and truth aware why law (wrath) should be put away, by all.
Mass Shootings have occured ww, and in so many diverse gathering places, even synagogues, mosques, churches, that even religious people now ask: where is a safe place? The answer is: in Christ, is the end of the law, it's a grace place. Grace not only does no harm, but also receives no harm.
Another thing for people to notice, as why worst←BC still happens in AD, is modern bibles remove "Christ" from their end, in Revelation 22:21, which gives place to bwd←BC. So, for the biblical story, allegory, mystery, I prefer KJV's end:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

