---
title: "post 1543"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\August\post_1543.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:45:39.096466
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Post-cross Dilemna(s):
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Seems whatever "it" was that got "finished" in John 19:30's "it is finished" didn't solve this problem: in Mark 16:14-18 even a post-cross resurrected Jesus still "upbraided" & "damned" them; Then...
Sent 
them out to do what Jesus said in Luke 13:32 was not [yet] perfected, aka cast out devils & do cures. So perhaps perfected mode has no devils to cast out nor ills to cure. Hmmm. Seems Jesus said he shall be perfected a third day, after "to-day & to-morrow": 2milleniums in 2Pet 3:8, as if not until a third day beyond 2 millennial last days = perilous times.
Seems in Acts 1-5, when Jesus only ascended to a cloud (not far above all heavens), and a Holy Ghost (not Spirit of truth) came upon apostles at Penticost, it did not solve this problem: perfect love has no fear; For what apostles did brought "great fear" upon the whole church. Perhaps because they still assembled in Solomon's Porch (aka the law temple).
Seems even when a Jewish law temple destroyed in AD70 it did not solve this problem: in it's place an Arabic Dome on the Rock was constucted & a 2nd Muslim Caliphate perceived.
Seems even when a 7th Holy Bible: KJV made in 1611 it did not solve this problem: readers did not like idea of Translators being neither Roman Catholic nor Protestant; So kept on making modern bibles that removed Christ from the end. 
Seems re-gathering of Israel to become a nation again in 1948 did not solve this problem: They still wanted a 3rd law temple, and another Jewish Caliphate to have a greater Israel, as if to have greater damnation than previous damnation.
Seems 3 major religions: Jews, Muslims, Christians, all have this problem: it's still like Hatfields vs McCoys, whereby they still feud amongst themselves about who's a real McCoy.
Seems the 42 month count-down to Y2K didn't solve this problem: after 2 such, then leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law' (not Grace, mercy, peace), which, after 9/11 led to another decade of senseless & ruinous wars, killing millions, and causing millions to flee their homelands.
Seems there's even been a time reversal, bwd to BC; For news & weather now report "worst" scenarios & "death" tolls; As if people got drawn bwd to Ezekiel 7:24, ONLY place "worst" recorded in the Bible, followed by this: destruction cometh, and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none.
Seems due to such-like, it's like bwd to ill side of ill-u-sion, as if bwd to great again of great, greater, greatest, allegory as if to Baby-lon the great twice fallen; instead of forward & upward to real-ity as greatest mode of three.
Seems then, we may have to re-think the sacrifice issue.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all..Amen.

