---
title: "post 1587"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\November\post_1587.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2018
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:04:20.288875
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Is there a biblical CJ & JC difference? Yes, but duality isn't reality.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
There is a "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" biblical difference. Yet Spirit will also aware although biblical story portrays we descend in CJ, then get reconciled to God by ascended JC; Bible story isn't our "all truth" heaven reality of "eternal life" has no beginning/end of biblical 
descend/ascend duality. 
I humbly apologize for non-stop men-tion of biblical duality. I'm now having an uncomfy time out from years of "all comfort" of "all grace". Spirit is correcting me for still have biblical duality thought of flaw to any that I could smarty pants help correct.
To correct it takes still give place to devil-ish f-law; Even if on right side of lie/truth of law/grace it's still duality has partiality. 
When above law/grace twain in the "all comfort" of "all grace" ends suffer, descend to duality again can be unwise oops. It's wise to stay above twain and exhort friend, come up higher.   
So "the end" of "In the beginning", to end what began, such as end law/grace duality, to have only eternal life reality, is:
The (higher pure) grace of our (ascended) Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

