---
title: "post 3728"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2025\April\post_3728.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2025
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T18:28:44.710763
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

HE IS RISEN... BUT:
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
In Mark 16 we read that a RISEN Jesus of Nazareth STILL upbraided the eleven & damned them that believed not; As if STILL both resurrection of life & resurrection of damnation: STILL both Son of God & Son of man saying both live & judgment (John 5:25-29).... UNTIL Mark 16:19 ascended and "received up into heaven" (aka higher than the law/grace heavens 
on high),
So, 
that not still 2Sons, but the ONLY 1Son of God, that when coming again to eleven (John 20:26) would not upbraid nor damn.
So then, we see that for Paul's "gospel of Christ", which is
through Jesus → Christ = the end of the law, then (in Romans forward) there is NO mention of Son of man, ONLY Son of God.
So, let us not stop at Matthew, Mark, Luke, John at Easter, but go on through Acts to Saul becomes Paul to teach and preach the "gospel of Christ" in Romans forward, where Jesus is not still both Son of God & Son of man, but ONLY Son of God.
So, then it's "eternal life" THROUGH Jesus → Christ our Lord, which is beyond OT everlasting life in Romans 6:22,23.
For THROUGH Jesus → Christ = the end of the law: Rom 10:4.
So, "God our Saviour" will not have saved & destroyed,
But will have all men saved (by grace) AND (epignosis) truthed: 
1Timothy 2:4.
So, Jude contrast notes OT LORD both saved & destroyed,
But NT "God our Saviour" is "the only wise God".
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

