---
title: "post 3234"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\March\post_3234.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2024
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-04T18:35:54.683417
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: M--a--r--ch-------2---7,-------202-----4-
---

## Content

TWO SABBATHS AT CRUCIFIXION WEEK
reveal 
crucifixion was Wednesday, not Friday.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Tradition of crucifixion day being Good Friday and resurrection day being Easter Sunday seem to fail to satisfy Matthew 12:40's mention of "three days and three nights in the heart of the earth". 
For 
even if part of a day or night can mean a full day or night, Friday night in tomb to Sunday morning empty tomb still lacks a third night...
So,
taking all scriptures into account, it reasons 
- there were two Sabbaths: the yearly Sabbath called a "high day" and the weekly Sabbath (Saturday) for that week,
- the crucifixion day was called "preparation day" (aka Wednesday: when the Passover lamb was killed) as preparation for the "high day" (annual Sabbath) following,
- the women would have bought spices to prepare on Friday, as Thursday was the annual Sabbath "high day", and Saturday was the weekly Sabbath (so shops were closed on the two Sabbath's), 
So,
- the last supper was Tuesday, followed by arrest of Jesus,
- crucifixion was 9am to 3pm Wednesday (preparation day),
- annual Sabbath (feast of unleavened bread) was Thursday,
- spices were bought and prepared on Friday,
- weekly Sabbath was Saturday,
- tomb was already empty Sunday morning.
So,
this timeline does satisfy 3 days and 3 nights, 
from in tomb Wednesday before sundown,
to an empty tomb before sunup on Sunday. 
There are lots of YouTube videos about two Sabbaths the week of crucifixion, and timelines corresponding to OT & NT scriptures proving it was three full days and three full nights (aka 72 hours) in the tomb...
YET,
Tradition of Good Friday and Easter Sunday still occur on calendars in North America, and celebrations of such still occur in churches.
The main thing is He is risen.
Yet, 
if Good Friday and Easter Sunday are not correct, it poses the notion, and problem, that churches keep crucifying Jesus year after year, on a pagan holiday, when the Bible clearly says it was once, and for all; which happened at Unleavened Bread called Passover.
What are your insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

