---
title: "post 1809"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\September\post_1809.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:43:40.031214
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Why an'-ti-christ & antichrists only mentioned by John?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
FYI: only John speaks of any "an'-ti-christ", and of "many" such "antichrists", already, at his "last time" discourse to his "little children" (law children): 1John, which had no grace, nor mercy, nor peace mention, and said "keep the commandents" (laws, orgdinances), rather than Paul said "touch not, taste 
not, handle not" ordinances, because by using of laws "all perish" (Col 2:21,22). And...
As for "Caiaphas", he's only 1 of 2 high priests at the time of 2 Sons Jesus, who first got taken to "Annas" (father in law of Caiaphas, also high priest that same year), who then sent him bound unto Caiaphas, who gave counsel to Jews, that it was expedient that one man should die for the people. (Lk 3:2; Jn 11:49; 18:13,14, 24; Acts 4:6). And...
John was among the "kindred" of the high priest (Acts 4:6), as why he, but not Peter, got allowed into the palace (Jn 18:15,16). And...
Re high priest, notice "Christ Jesus" was high priest (Heb 3:1), as why Christ Jesus (Heb 3-10) gets turned around to Jesus Christ (Heb 10-13), as in all epistles of Paul, who in Acts got changed from "Christ Jesus" mode (Acts 19:4) to "Jesus Christ" mode (Acts 28:31), to then give us the gospel of "Christ", of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ".
Every "mystery" has twists, and it's preposterous order to teach first, and learn after. 
Seems most modern bibles are anti-Christ, as they remove "Christ"(is end of law flaw) from their end of the story; Perhaps why we're still hearing of "worst"←BC scenarios in both news & weather.
Seems why last verse in KJV is the saluatation (token) of Paul (not of John), which is always written by Paul's own hand:
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.
Edit or delete this

