---
title: "post 1913"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\February\post_1913.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2020
comments: 2
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:14:38.464388
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

IN JESUS NAME? Should we still do this: SHOUT in a LOUD voice, and IN JESUS NAME?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
I now friend ask: Why do you still SHOUT 'IN JESUS NAME', instead of focus yourself & others on gospel of "Christ" being "through our Lord Jesus→Christ" = "Christ" is end of law's both good[kalos] & evil[kako], then only grace good[agathos]. 
Why?
For 
in Jesus mode, 
as still "twain" (2Sons: NT Son of God→&←OT Son of man), as in Mt-Acts he still both Blessed and cursed (fig tree), still nice & nasty 2 voices spoke "live"→&←"judgment also": Jn 5:25-29; Which WAS still grace→&←law also = flaw end.
But
in Romans→fwd NO Son of man, ONLY Son of God, as then the gospel of "Christ" of through Jesus→Christ is then no more "twain", but "one" new man: our peace.
Seems why
Jn 3:17 said save the world is "through him", and Jn 20:31 said it's "through his name", and Rom→fwd said "through Jesus→Christ, to be in Christ=all things new, no more old nor new+old in Jesus mode.
Me: LOL at Myself, for also having done this: SHOUT in JESUS NAME.
Thanks for listen, as I reminded Myself we're ALL going:
- 1stly through our Lord Jesus→Christ for all to be "in Christ",
- then also through Christ to God-ward for all to be reconciled.
Interesting "mystery" details to notice for our awareness sake.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

