---
title: "post 2186"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\July\post_2186.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2021
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T13:58:10.198715
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M--a---y----9,------2----0--2--1
---

## Content

Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
SERPENT on a pole (Num 21:9): for today or BC←law to put away?
WHY does WHO have SERPENT on a pole as a logo over UN logo? 
WHY does Pope carry a pole with Jesus still nailed to cross on pole?
Numbers 21:5-9 records when people complained the LORD [Yehovah] sent fiery serpents among them to bite & kill many. So they asked Moses to ask the LORD to take away the serpents. But instead the LORD told Moses to make a brass fiery serpent, set it on a pole, so when bitten they shall live when they look upon it.  POINT: 
LORD did not take away fiery serpents, so people still got bit, but then lived. 
Yet as numbers reveal, all originals saved out of Egypt died prior to enter. Hmmm. So that's OT←law to be replaced with NT→grace, mercy, peace.
In John 3:14 Son of man refers to Num 21's SERPENT on pole, and to himself as if like such, saying "And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up:"... Then 3:15 gives a reason: "that whosoever believeth in him (aka Son of man) should not perish, but have eternal life".  
BUT then 
(Son of man who referred to himself as if a serpent to be lifted up)...
3:16 turns NT→"eternal life" bwd to OT←"everlasting life" which later ends being mentioned in Rom 6:22 when contrasted with "eternal life" in Rom 6:23 is clarified as the "gift of God" [Theos] "through Jesus→Christ our Lord".
For 
although both "everlasting life" & "eternal life" mean same thing in Greek, search reveals no mention of eternal life in OT, and in Titus 1:2 it clarifies it's  the God which cannot lie who promised (only) "eternal life" before the world began.
Seems Pope may have taken John 3:14 literal, as why he oft carries a pole with a Son of man Jesus still nailed to a cross on top of his pole, lifted up similar to how Moses lifted up a SERPENT on a pole. Yet looking upon it doesn't heal any.
Hmmm.
This is odd, to portray Jesus still nailed to a cross on a pole, 2000 yrs after the biblical story notes he was crucified, buried, resurrected, and ascended to God. 
WHO logo portrays a SERPENT on a pole (as in OT Numbers 21:9i), and such is layered over top a UN logo seems to portray a flat earth map with 33 sections, surrounded by a wall of ice, and that is 2/3 surrounded by 2 corona triumphalis joined at bottom, which UN calls 2 olive branches, but resemble palm branches.
Seems looking at WHO's logo of SERPENT on a pole hasn't healed virus bitten.
So, 
having observed this I ask: what has this got to do with current ww pandemic?
What are your observations, opinions, insights about what's going on ww?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

