---
title: "post 1008"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\December\post_1008.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T22:49:48.397722
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Interesting list of Bible verses about the law, and why such f-law got abolished &  replaced with Grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord. Especially liked Philippians 3 reference, which calls the law "dung" (poop, to be flushed). LOL.

Tim Morton
 says so powerfully:
Amen! Lets see some of what God says about the law!
Acts
    The law is an unbearable yoke. (Acts 15:10) 
Romans
    The law reveals sin but cannot fix it. (Romans 3:20) 
    If the law worked then faith would be irrelevant. (Romans 4:14) 
    The law brings wrath upon those who follow it. (Romans 4:15) 
    The purpose of the law was to increase sin. (Romans 5:20) 
    Christians are not under the law. (Romans 6:14) 
    Christians have been delivered from the law. (Romans 7:1-6) 
    The law is good, perfect and holy but cannot help you be good, perfect or holy. (Romans 7:7-12) 
    The law which promises life only brings death through sin. (Romans 7:10) 
    The law makes you sinful beyond measure. (Romans 7:13) 
    The law is weak. (Romans 8:2-3) 
1 Corinthians
    The strength of sin is the law (1 Corinthians 15:56)
2 Corinthians
    The law is a ministry of death. (2 Corinthians 3:7) 
    The law is a ministry of condemnation. (2 Corinthians 3:9) 
    The law has no glory at all in comparison with the New Covenant. (2 Corinthians 3:10) 
    The law is fading away. (2 Corinthians 3:11) 
    Anywhere the law is preached it produces a mind-hardening and a heart-hardening veil. (2 Corinthians 3:14-15) 
Galatians
    The law justifies nobody. (Galatians 2:16) 
    Christians are dead to the law. (Galatians 2:19) 
    The law frustrates grace. (Galatians 2:21) 
    To go back to the law after embracing faith is “stupid”. (Galatians 3:1) 
    The law curses all who practice it and fail to do it perfectly. (Galatians 3:10) 
    The law has nothing to do with faith. (Galatians 3:11-12) 
    The law was a curse that Christ redeemed us from. (Galatians 3:13) 
    The law functioned in God’s purpose as a temporary covenant from Moses till John the Baptist announced Christ. (Galatians 3:16 & 19, also see… Matthew 11:12-13, Luke 16:16) 
    If the law worked God would have used it to save us. (Galatians 3:21) 
    The law was our prison. (Galatians 3:23) 
    The law makes you a slave like Hagar. (Galatians 4:24) 
Ephesians
    Christ has abolished the law which was a wall of hostility (Ephesians 2:15)
Philippians
    Paul considered everything the law gained him as “skybalon” which is Greek for “poop”. (Philippians 3:4-8) 
1 Timothy
    The law is only good if used in the right context. (1 Timothy 1:8) (see next verse for the context) 
    It was made for the unrighteous but not for the righteous. (1 Timothy 1:9-10) 
Hebrews
    The law is weak, useless and makes nothing perfect. (Hebrews 7:18-19) 
    God has found fault with it and created a better covenant, enacted on better promises. (Hebrews 8:7-8) 
    It is obsolete, growing old and ready to vanish. (Hebrews 8:13) 
    It is only a shadow of good things to come and will never make someone perfect. (Hebrews 10:1)

