---
title: "post 2362"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\March\post_2362.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2022
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:42:48.680741
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M-a---r-ch----1--7-------,-2-0-2---2----
---

## Content

Ukraine / Russia: 
PUTIN's SPECIAL MILITARY OPERATION ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
While violence is not a solution, nor Putin a saint, it's interesting Putin noted he was going to do a special military "operation"; Allegory as if an operation to remove something harmful... 
Seems it's revealed what he wanted to remove in neighboring  Ukraine was neo-nazi-ism & bio-labs threatening Russian security. Seems this was in addition to NATO having expanded east to the point he now had NATO troops & weapons on his doorstep.
I don't follow politics nor take sides in any sides wars. So I had to investigate all this on alternative media, as Main Stream Media only portrays Zelensky a celebrated hero & Putin a war monger. 
I was surprised to learn about neo-nazis and bio-labs in Ukraine.
Next thing to investigate is how this all relates to WEF: NWO. Seems there is picture evidence Zelensky is pro-WEF, as he not only attended, but addressed the WEF in 2020, after elected in 2019.
Seems although Putin attended WEF to check it out, he afterward rejected it, even reportedly referred to it as NWO worships Satan. So it seems Putin is not pro WEF nor it's NWO. Yet not an atheist. 
Seems Putin is throwing a wrench into the WEF machine. That explains why 1/2 the world now desires to PUNISH Putin, and has no good thing to say about him, as if he is evil. 
Lots of info to unpack and process about such.
What are your insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

