---
title: "post 2907"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\July\post_2907.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2023
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-07T02:09:50.418813
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WHAT DOES THIS ALLEGORY MEAN?
I will have mercy, and not sacrifice. 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
In 
Matthew 9:13 Jesus noted Hosea 6:6 to Pharisees, saying GO ye and LEARN what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Then Matthew 12:7 Jesus again noted: But if ye had known what this meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice, ye would not have condemned the guiltless. 
So, God will have mercy, and not sacrifice, has an allegory meaning to learn.
Hosea 6:6 (also noted in Ps 40:6 & Ps 51:16)
For I desired mercy, and not sacrifice; and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings.
Matthew 9:13 (to Pharisees)
But go ye and learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Matthew 12:7 (again to Pharisees)
But if ye had known what this meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice, ye would not have condemned the guiltless.
Seems the allegory meaning for "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice", may be learned in Hebrews 10. Heb 10:8 notes God would not have sacrifice, and offering, and burnt offerings "for sin", neither had pleasure in such, because such were offered "by the law"; And Heb 10:1 had noted law, with sacrifices offered yearly, can never make comers perfect.
Heb 10:9,10 then notes
Then said he, Lo, I come to do thy will, O God. 
He taketh away the first, that he may establish the second.
By the which will we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all.
Seems then God will have mercy, and not sacrifice, allegory means God will have grace, and not law.
What are your insights about the allegory meaning of Hosea 6:6?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

