---
title: "post 3190"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3190.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:07:04.638328
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Is God an oxymoron, that he would say CONTRARY things like both every tree & not every tree in Genesis 2:16,17? Let's see:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Many assume & say, as woman did in Genesis 3:3, that "God" said both Genesis 2:16,17, 
which is both every tree & not every tree: CONTRARY THINGS;
Which was said by "LORD [Yehovah] God [Elohyim]", NOT by "God".
Let's review things in Genesis 1 - 3 to see this mystery aspect:
"God" [Elohyim] said "every tree" in Gen 1:29. 
Then... 
Moses adds a LORD [Yehovah] to God [Elohyim] in Gen 2:4, who plants both a tree of life & a tree of knowledge of good & evil.
So then...
it's "LORD God" (not God) who commanded "man", 
saying:
- Gen 2:16 "every tree" & "freely" (allegory Grace "of God").
- Gen 2:17 not every tree & surely die (as if Law of LORD). 
note:
If mingled these 2 CONTRARY commands make an oxymoron.
Hmmm.
Seems why God's Christ refused "mingled" drink offered, and twice: Mt 27:34; Mk 15:23, perhaps as if from both sides of the cross.
Seems then, in Gen 3, this dual "LORD God" made a serpent, who asked the "woman": hath "God" said Gen 2:17 (aka not every tree)? 
note:
Woman was still in man, not yet taken out, during Gen 2:16,17.
But when taken out of man, then serpent asks her: 
hath "God" [Elohim] said not every tree (aka Gen 2:17)?
Which is to allegory ask: is God an oxymoron?
She Gen 3:2,3 said "God" said, both Gen 2:16,17, which is to say God is an oxymoron: God said two contrary things. 
But 
"God" had only said "every tree": Gen 1:29 & 2:16, Not both. 
It's "LORD God" who commanded both contrary commands.
So, 
the serpent beguiled her to law desire & eat what's law forbidden. 
About such, 1Timothy 2:14 KJV says: 
"And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression" (aka in the law, for Paul said: where no law, there no transgession, noted in Rom 4:15).
So, it allegory makes Gen 2:17 as if the law given "BY" Moses, noted in John 1:17. For Galatians 3:19 notes all other laws (10 in stone, 613 in ink) were "added" (and then given THRU Moses), added "because of the transgressions", till the seed (Christ) come, and be the end of the law, to thereby have only grace of God, which "freely" gives (gifts) righteousness and eternal life to all.
Seems, as in Colossians 2:14, it's like a "blotting out" all ordinances (laws) ever hand written "against" us, includes Genesis 2:17, called "the law of commandments" Christ abolished in Eph 2:15. 
So then, if Gen 2:17 is deleted (blotted out), as NOT what God said, then no transgression (of the law) is plausible, and then no need to add the other laws (10 in stone & 613 in ink) because of transgressions.
Seems why Paul said let "God" (not OT LORD, nor LORD-God) be true in Romans 3:4, 
and
so by a spirit of God we may know what's "freely" (grace) given us of "God", in 1Cor 2:12. 
Gen 2:16 said every tree & freely (as if grace of God: 1Cor 2:12).
Gen 2:17 said contrary: not every tree (as if the surely die lie).
For...
If we review nasty things, in Isaiah 13:6; Isaiah 45:7, Jeremiah 23:39, Amos 5:18, about OT LORD [Yehovah] it gives us reasons to put away Old Testament LORD, and any LORD God combo, 
in order to have the only true "God", and as "God of all grace" (no law at all); Who is NOT an oxymoron that he would say contrary things.
Interesting "mystery" details to notice & learn for awareness.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/IS] with you all. Amen.

