---
title: "post 1684"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\March\post_1684.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2019
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:31:37.289307
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Mercy? For God to have mercy upon all it requires mention of mercy; Yet none in John, 1John, Revelation. Thank God Paul added mercy to his holy kiss greeting to help increase peace.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
In Mt 9:13 Jesus noted will of God from Hosea 6:6: "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice" had allegory meaning to go learn. If we go to throne of "grace" to obtaiin "mercy" (Heb 4:16) & 
if "sacrifice" for sin is "by the law" (Heb 10:8) & if it's evident no man is justified "by the law", is "not of faith" (Gal 3:11,12), it reasons it allegory means God will have grace, and not law.
Seems then it reasons we need to be graceful (void of law) to be merciful (void of sacrifice) to then be peaceful that lasts; As what Paul describes as being the "fulness of Christ".
Seems then why James 3:17 describes "wisdom from above" as "first pure" (as if pure grace to you from God), which is then 7 things: peace-able, gentle, easy to be entreated, "full of mercy", and good fruits, without partiality, and hypocrisy. 
Here's why it's important to be graceful, merciful, peaceful:
The last mention of "mercy", in Jude 1:21b, says to be looking for the "mercy" (not sacrifice) of our Lord "Jesus Christ" (not Christ Jesus) unto "eternal life" (not life eternal ended in Jn 17:3, nor everlasting life ended in Rom 6:22  nor life everlasting ended in 1Tim 1:16); And prior to Revelation. Why?
There's no mercy nor eternal life in Revelation; And because there's no mercy it's why the peace offered in Rev 1:4 gets taken away from the earth in Rev 6:4. 
Yet if we apply Paul's Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, Instead of get "turned" to what's "behind" like John did; Then we can safely and peacefully Spirit walk through the minefield of Revelation's apocalyptic scenario, to the end that ends well for you all:
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus Christ" [be/is] with you all. Amen.

