---
title: "post 3417"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\July\post_3417.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T23:10:03.512737
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

RAPTURE THEORIES?
Grace, mercy, [and] peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
There are now 4 (all 4 having partiality):
- 
Pre-tribulation rapture (most popular)
- Mid-tribulation rapture 
- Pre-wrath rapture 
- Post-tribulation rapture.
But,
all such seem to have partiality, which God does not.
There is no respect of persons (aka no partiality) with God: Romans 2:11. It's a constant Bible theme in both testaments.
Another rapture aspect is potential harm. If drivers of cars, boats, trains, planes suddenly vanish, that could bring harm. 
But the aspect of God' grace is do no harm to any.
There are 4 Christian denominations that do not teach rapture:
- Catholics 
- Lutherans 
- Methodists 
- Anglicans 
Many use Mt 24, Mt 25, Mk 13, Lk 17, Lk 21 in their rapture arguments; But these all refer to "Son of man" coming, and there is NO mention of Son of man beyond Acts, then only "Son of God".
So,
by no mention of Son of man beyond Acts, it allegorically cancels all the previous threats of Son of man coming to bring mourning, division, punishment, judgment, destruction.
So, that leaves 1Corinthians 15:51-57 & 1Thessalonians 4:13-18 as the main verses portraying a rapture (caught up: harpazo),
But both seem to involve a trump (trumpet sound), as noted in Matthew 24:31 about Son of man (not Son of God) coming:
Matthew 24:31 KJV
And he (Son of man) shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet,
The word rapture does not occur in the Bible. Seems this idea did not occur among early church, until about 1830, when a girl at a healing revival had a dream (vision) of two stages. John Darby then began to promote the idea of "rapture", and spread it to North America. Then it got in the comments of Scofield study Bible. More recent, the Left Behind series of books & films made it popular.
What are your insights about rapture theories? 
Revelation 22:21 KJV (The End, written by Paul's own hand):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

