---
title: "post 1635"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\January\post_1635.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T09:49:56.795918
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Holy "Ghost" & "Spirit" of truth Comforter(s) contrast in KJV. Reaons why:
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
FYI, here's what Spirit helped me see in KJV, as why it uses both Holy "Ghost" (pneuma1) & Holy "Spirit" (pneuma2):
Thrice, in Mt 12:31,32 & Mk 3:29 & Lk 12:10 Jesus said any blasphemy (speak against) Holy "Ghost" (allegory Holy Law) shall "not" ever be forgiven (hath "never" forgiveness), neither in this world, nor in the world to come. Yet we've all done it, even if we've ever said about any ridiculous law: it's not fair. 
So in John 4:24 JC clarified "God" is a (forgiving) "Spirit" (aka not some UNforgiving "Ghost"); As why he'd said "forgiven", and why in Lk 23:34 he'd said "Father, forgive them". So...
in John 14:16,17 he said he'd pray the Father to give you "another Comforter", the "Spirit" of truth (Comforter2). For there was UNforgiveness with Comforter1: Holy "Ghost". 
So John 14 - 16 KJV contrasts 2 different Comforter(s):
- Comforter1: John 14:26 = Holy "Ghost" = law "teach", called "law" WAS our "schoolmaster" prior to grace in Gal 3:24.
- Comforter2: Jn 14:17; 15:26; 16:13 = "Spirit" of truth = grace "guide" who will guide you into "all truth" (not truth + error).
When studied out, 2 Comforters are as different as:
- Comforter1 = OT "walk before me" = "Ghost" (law) driven 
- Comforter2 = NT "guide" = "follow me" = "Spirit" (grace) led
Eg: 
Mt 21:9 (2 Sons Jesus Palm Sunday entering Jerusalem): had 2 multitudes: multitude1 = them that "went before" (Son of man driven) & multitude2 = that "followed" (Son of God led).  
- Comforter1 = both comfort + discomfort (of good + evil law).
- Comforter2 = comfort only (of grace "God" of "all comfort").
What came upon 120 at Pentecost in Acts 2:4 was the Holy "Ghost" (not "Spirit" of truth); Because they still assembled in "Solomon's porch " = law "temple" (Jn 10:23; Acts 3:11; 5:12). So, 
by the Holy "Ghost" (Holy Law = both good + evil) they still did both nice + nasty = kill (not forgive) Ananias & Sapphira. Result noted in Acts 5:11 was "great fear" (not love void of fear nor grace void of law) came upon the whole church.  
So Saul chosen to become Paul to help both Jew & Gentile upgrade from Holy "Ghost" to fruit of the "Spirit", saying if "led" of the "Spirit" result is "not under the law": Gal 5:17, and God hath forgiven you, all trespasses: Eph 4:32; Col 2:13.
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

