---
title: "post 2099"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\March\post_2099.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:43:06.581755
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

MYSTERY of many Double (Big, little) biblical mentions. WHY?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Re 1st Amen: Num 5:22 notes a Dble (Big, little) "Amen, amen" woman shall say to both Blessed, cursed by a law priest. Hmmm.
Re Jesus: in Lk 8:24 disciples say Dble (Big, little) "Master, master",  as if he's "two masters" & last of twain a little master. Hmmm. 
Jesus says: Dble (Big, little) "Verily, verily" (only in John). Hmmm.
Jesus says: Dble (Big, little) "My God, my God" on cross. Hmmm.
Lk 23:21 & Jn 19:6 say Dble (Big, little) "Crucify him, crucify him".
Rev 18:10,16,19 thrice says Dble (Big, little) "Alas, alas". Hmmm.
These are just some Double (Big, little) biblical mentions of words & phrases. Let's investigate why such occur as Double (Big, little).
First Amen (so be it) mention is Dble (Big, little) "Amen, amen"  woman shall say to Blessed, cursed by law priest. Could it perhaps be why Jesus called his mother "woman" in "Verily, verily" John?
Jesus called Dble (Big, little) "Master, master" by disciples seems allegory odd, as if "two masters" that Jesus had said no man nor servant can serve. Seems he'd twice noted in Mt 23:8,10 only "one" is your (Big) "Master", aka "Christ" (not "Rabbi" nor "masters"). 
Jesus says Dble (Big, little) "Verily, verily" only in John (Mt, Mk, Lk only say Big "Verily"). This is what got me to notice other Dble (Big, little) mentions. Seems, also, only in John, Jesus revealed  in John 5:25-29 that when 2 Sons: Son of God & Son of man, he still had 2 voices, saying: "live" & "judgment also", even 2 resurrections: of "life" & of "damnation". Seems why there's NO Son of man, ONLY Son of God for the gospel of "Christ" in Romans→fwd.
F n Mt 27:46; Mk 15:34, as 1 of 7 last utterances, Jesus quoted Ps 22:1's Dble (Big, little) "My God, my God", why hast thou forsaken me? It was at "ninth hour" with a "loud voice". There was darkness from 6th to 9th hour. Could "loud voice" allegory be law voice?For 
For Dble (Big, little) "Crucify him, crucify him" it's loud voices.
For "Alas, alas" x3 in Rev 18, it's in reference to Babylon is fallen, is fallen (as twice fallen as Jerusalem's Temple & twin towers at 9/11).
What are your insights about this Dble (Big, little) mystery?
The last Amen, in Rev 22:21 KJV, is only Big, and only singular, to:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

