---
title: "post 3290"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\April\post_3290.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:17:17.368365
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

The character in Revelation 1:16 
with a "twoedged sword" coming out his mouth 
is NOT Jesus Christ (grace & truth).
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Revelation 1:16 notes the character being described in Revelation 1 as having a "twoedged sword" coming out his mouth:
eg: Revelation 1:16 KJV
And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth went a sharp twoedged sword: 
First mention of a "twoedged sword" in Psalm 14:49:6,7 KJV reveals the purpose is to execute vengeance and punishments.
eg: Psalm 149:6,7 KJV
Let the high praises of God be in their mouth, and a twoedged sword in their hand; To execute vengeance upon the heathen, and punishments upon the people;
Jesus Christ, by whom came grace and truth in contrast to law (John 1:17), sent from the only true God (John 17:3), is the opposite of law's vengeance and punishments via a twoedged sword.
Hebrews 4:12 notes the word [logos] of God is sharper than any twoedged sword (allegory smarter than vengeance & punishment).
eg: Hebrew 4:12 KJV
For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword,
So, it reasons the character described in Revelation 1:16 is not Jesus Christ (aka not grace and truth), but seems to be law trying to be both first and last, instead of was, but is not.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

