---
title: "post 2762"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\April\post_2762.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T22:45:57.904794
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

JUDE's CONTRAST (OT LORD vs God our Saviour) CONCLUSION:
Of twain: "God our Saviour" is "the only wise God".
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Jude 
1:5 firstly contrast reminds how OT LORD [Yehova] both saved and destroyed after is a bad end; So concludes "God our Saviour" (who in 1Timothy 2:4 will have all men both saved and  aware after;  not destroyed after) is "the only wise God" (of twain). 
Jude 1:5 KJV
I will therefore put you in remembrance, though ye once knew this, how that the LORD [aka OT Yehova: Jehovah], having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed them that believed not.
It's allegory like contrast law (being both good and evil: Heb 5:14 ends bad) with grace (being always & only good) ends good. 
Let's notice the phrase "God our Saviour" is only mentioned 6x from 1Timothy to Jude 1:25: with 5 previous mentions by Paul beginning in 1Timothy ("the epistle from Laodicea" noted in Colossians 4:16).
In 1Timothy Paul not only began the mention of "God our Saviour", but then added "mercy" to his previous greetings of grace & peace.
He then clarified in 1Tim 2:3,4 that "God our Saviour" (not also destroyer) will have ALL men [anthropos] saved AND come unto the (higher) knowledge [epignosis: above lower gnosis] of the truth. 
So, for "God our Saviour" it's ALL saved (none destroyed) AND  aware (aka ALL graced & truthed after) in contrast to OT LORD's saved & destroyed after. 
Seems like a Law vs Grace contrast.
Interesting thing is Jude's greeting (to them sanctifed by "God" the Father & preserved in Jesus Christ) is "Mercy unto you, and peace, and love, be multiplied". Then in his Jude 1:21 exhortation he advises keep yourself in the LOVE [agape] of "God" (not of LORD), looking for the MERCY of our Lord Jesus Christ (aka of grace & truth) unto ETERNAL LIFE. 
For God will have mercy, not sacrifice.
Yet in the apocalyptic book of Revelation there is neither mention of "mercy" nor of "eternal life". 
So Jude has the last mention of "mercy" and last mention of "eternal life". 
Hmmm.
Mercy is obtainable at the "throne of grace" in Hebrews 4:16. Yet when search for "mercy" there's notably none in John nor 1John nor Revelation. 
Hmmm.
Jude's 1:24,25 conclusion also begins with "now":
Jude 1:24,25 KJV
24 Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy,
25 To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen. 
So of OT LORD [Yehova: Jehovah] vs God [Theos] our Saviour, only "God our Saviour" is Jude concluded as being "the only wise God".
What are your insights about the book of Jude, and his conclusion the only wise God is God our Saviour who will have ALL men saved AND come unto the knowledge [epignosis] of the truth?
Seems why the end Jesus said to endure unto, through Revelation apocalypse, is the salutation of Paul (not John), and does not remove the word "Christ" in Rev 22:21 KJV as modern bibles do:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

