---
title: "post 1814"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\September\post_1814.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:46:07.960166
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

After not "under" law, but "under" grace, comes established "with" grace. Why? Seems b/c "under" grace only 2/3 of 3.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Although being "under" grace is better than "under" law, it's still "under" of under/above, not yet established "with" grace. So in the biblical story, it notes in Hebrews 13:9 KJV it is a good thing that the heart be established "with grace", 
allegory as if then neither "under law" nor still "under grace". Why?
If we consider the allegoric math, it's as if then going on from not "under law" but "under grace" being only 2/3 of 3 things, to established "with grace" as if go on unto 3rd of 3 things. Some examples of 3 things may help us understand:
In John 14:6 even the truth is only 2/3 of 3 things:
I am the way(1/3), the truth(2/3), and the life(3/3).
In Romans 12:2 it first says be transformed by mind renewal (as if from under law to under grace), to then prove the will of God is 3 things: good(1/3) & acceptable(2/3) & perfect(3/3). So it makes things acceptable as only 2/3 of 3.
In 1Cor 13:13 KJV three things abide: faith, hope, charity; But then it clarifies only charity is the "greatest" of these three. 
The allegory is like great(1/3), greater(2/3), greatest(3/3).
Interesting mystery details.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

