---
title: "post 1424"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\April\post_1424.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:03:35.473619
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Seems(anything less than all truth reality of God of all grace; As notes to myself): Even When Romans 12:2a transformed like worm to butterfly; Still only mind renewal from carnal to small spirit-u-al; With yet more to go on unto, like also UpGraced from 2 high-minded spirit-u-alls (plural) to one higher Spirit-U-all. For Rom 12:2b notes transformed then ables us to also "prove" there's 3, not just 2, aspects to the "will of God": 
"good, and acceptable, and perfect"; And when 3, then even 2/3 (acceptable), isn't yet the "perfect" will of God... 
Eg: jumping back to recall this in John 14:6 & 16:13
- 14:6 noted I am the way(1/3), the truth(2/3), and the life(3/3).
- 16:13 notes Spirit of truth will (also) guide you into "all truth".
So, even when we know "the truth" it may not yet be "all truth".
So recall Rom 5:10a&b noted, re JC, prior to Rom 12:2a&b:
Although we were enemies reconciled to a God by a "death", we then (also) get "much more" saved (after) by his "life". So Rom 5:20a&b, 5:21a&b note much more abounding grace, than law flaw 1st abounded, then grace (also) reigns through righteousness (we freely rec'd) unto "eternal life" by JC our Lord.
Jumping into 1Cor 15: 22-58: Even When spirit, of soul/spirit, as if even when Adam2 (last Adam, called the Lord from heaven), of Adam1/Adam2 stages, Adam2 is still an "Adam", in which all still die. So there's a 3rd stage, called in Christ, in which all are both crucified & risen with Christ, to then be yet made (more) alive (more than a quick-end spirit). For...
Even When spirit-u-al, we can still be like 2 bi-polar "spirits": both "spirit of error" vs "spirit of truth" modes... until all our "error" (leaven), even in "spirit" mode, is put away. 
Eg: For me, my oops, even in Jesus mode, it was like I still heard & had 2voices: live (for me), and also judgment (for others): noted in John 5:25-29. Until the Spirit helped me put away Son of man, to have only one voice of Son of God.
Jumping ahead into Hebrews, allegory written as a mini bible, it portrays even when we can new high priest (CJ) position ourselves as gone over into a right heaven, of plural them/us "heavens" on "high", to become "us": described as "holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners". BUT... 
Even Then, in fwd us-ward heaven of heavens on high,  
it still mentions "sinners", as if still then "sin" conscious;
So Hebrews 7:26b also notes there's a 3rd stage:
to be "made" even "higher than the heavens" on high.
Jumping fwd to 1Peter 5:10 it notes re the "God of all grace": 
- even though He first called "us" unto his eternal glory by "Christ Jesus" (new high priest); Because 2Tim 3:12 noted we all still "suffer" in "Christ Jesus" mode, that...
- "after" we've "suffered a while" being created in Christ Jesus, to descend with him, which also needs to re-ascend, after...
- the God of "all grace" (no law, nor law/grace duality) will then also "make" (more than create, of create/make) you (yet more) "perfect", also e-stablish, strength-end, settle you, till in heart & mind as if fully re-ascended, in awareness, to what Eph 4:10 described as JC being already re-ascended (after descending as CJ) "far above all (plural) heavens" on high.
For me, it's been like further UpGraced from know "the truth", to also being guided by the Spirit of truth into "all truth" of "all grace"; As if from wow to Wow, then also to higher WOW.
It helps me to consider what I see on news, portrayed as if bwd trend to ill side of ill-u-sion, not being real; And perhaps not yet higher reality even when on right side of ill-u-sion; Which can still be a Seems mode, to also wrestle with.
Not shared to suggest any flaw with any, only as notes to myself, shared with friends, about my learning journey.

