---
title: "post 2279"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\December\post_2279.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2021
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:17:34.459351
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Biblical ignorant [agnoeo] & ignorant [lanthano] vs Knowledge, 
but also
lower knowledge [gnosis] vs higher knowledge [epignosis],
Because
God our Saviour will have ALL men [anthropos] to be saved, 
AND 
come unto the knowledge [epignosis] of the truth: 1Tim 2:4.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord  Jesus Christ.
Let's notice, in Greek mode, for not to be "ignorant", Paul uses ignorant [agnoeo: not know, not understand], but Peter later uses ignorant [lanthano: hid, unaware]; As 2 kinds of ignorant not to be. 
For awareness, Paul notes biblical things are "allegory", such as 2 mothers of 2 sons of Abraham ARE 2 covenants, and a bondmaid Agar (mother of Ishmael) IS Mt Sinai (aka law), But Jerusalem above, which is free, IS the mother of us all: Gal 4:22-26...
Then Peter takes the allegory aspect further by also noting a time allegory of with the Lord: 1day as 1000yrs & 1000yrs as 1day not to be ignorant [lanthano] of: 2Peter 3:8 (from Psalms 90:4 noted a 1000yrs as yesterday when past as a watch in the night).
Looking at both Paul & Peter, it seems to make much of bible to be allegoric mystery, with a lot of mystery twists to sort out.
Both Paul & Peter use both gnosis & epi-gnosis for "knowledge"; Yet Paul noted in 1Cor 8:1 the 'gnosis' knowledge puffs up rather than edify, so in 1Cor 13:8 notes the 'gnosis' kind of "knowledge"  shall "vanish away" when it comes to what never fails, aka "charity" [agape 2] never fails in KJV. 
So Paul clarifies in 1Tim 2:4 that "God our Saviour" (doesn't both save and destroy after like OT LORD[Yehova] did), will have 2 things:
ALL men [anthropos] saved (by grace, through faith)
AND 
come unto the (higher spiritual) epignosis knowledge of the truth.
Paul also notes "science" is the 'gnosis' knowledge in 
1Tim 6:20:
O Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy trust, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and oppositions of science [gnosis] falsely so called.
Hmmm...
So, it seems, when currently hearing the gov't & main stream media mantra con-tinuously say "truth the science", perhaps it's as if say trust their lower 'gnosis' knowledge (perhaps even as if to say hear their lower wisdom, which James 3:15 called earthly, sensual, devilish; and clarified such wisdom is not from above).
What are your thoughts & insights about such things?
The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ BE WITH YOU ALL. AMEN.

