---
title: "post 1934"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\April\post_1934.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:20:39.732733
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Mass Shooting in Canada: "evil concupiscence" of law manifesting?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
By this shooter wore a police (aka  law) uniform & drove a mock police car during his rampage of killings: Seems it was as if to allegory make it obvious (aka prove) thereby that the law, by being both good + evil(reverse of live), as lastly "evil concupiscence" manifested, is also a "ministration of 
death".   
So, by connecting these (then/now) biblical dots:
- Then: Our Father...deliver us "FROM EVIL" (Luke 11:4),
- Now: we are delivered "FROM THE LAW" (Romans 7:6). 
We see law = evil. As "evil" concupiscence, it's deadly; As why we should put away law, to have only grace, mercy, peace. 
Seems many have never heard of the "concupiscence" aspect of law, Paul noted in Romans 7:8, whereby law, if not put away, can take a person captive, make them do bad things, then hound with guilt until the person feels "wretched" (Rom 7:24). It's now called PTSD (Post Tramatic Stress Disorder).
Seems "concupiscence" & "wretched" PTSD aspect of law , if not dealt with, by grace & truth awareness, can become so severe it can result in suicide or in a killing rampage to "fulfill the law" as being the "ministration of death". Seems it's then called "evil concupiscence", as noted in Colossians 3:5.
Such is not to speak against the law, but aware about the law, like in Romans 7:21 Paul noted, re law, when he would do law good  [kalos], then law evil [kakos] is present with me. 
Seems why, in his epistles, he quarantines his mention of law between opening & closing grace; As if to quarantine a virus. 
So in the end, not even have any mention of law (evil, death):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

