---
title: "post 3690"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2025\March\post_3690.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2025
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-04T18:55:18.942197
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: -----M--arc--------h-24-
---

## Content

What is the PERFECT WILL of God?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Romans 12:2 KJV says 
And 
be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and PERFECT, WILL of God.
SO THEN 
the reason given to be transformed by the renewing of your mind is to then be able to PROVE all THREE aspects of the will of God, which are 
"good (1/3), and acceptable (2/3), and PERFECT (3/3)". 
Why?
For even what's both good and acceptable is still only 2/3 of 3.
Jumping to 1Timothy 2:1-4 let's notice it first notes what is "good and acceptable" (aka still only 2/3 of 3 aspects noted in Rom 12:2) in the sight of God our Saviour. 
So, in 1Tim 2:4 it then also clarifies what is the PERFECT WILL of God our Saviour:
1Timothy 2:1-4 KJV
1) I exhort therefore, that, first of ll, supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men. 
2) For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty. 
3) For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour; 
4) Who will have ALL men [anthropos] saved AND come unto the (higher spiritual) knowledge [epignosis] of the truth.
So, the PERFECT (3/3) WILL of God our Saviour is to have ALL men [anthropos] both saved (by grace), AND (all men saved) to also come unto the higher spiritual knowledge [epignosis, more than gnosis knowledge] of the truth. 
So, the PERFECT WILL of God is for ALL men to be both 
saved (only, Not saved & destroyed afterward by a LORD [Yehovah] as reminded in Jude 1:5) 
AND 
all men saved to also be made fully aware (by epignosis knowledge) of what saved from (such as "saved from wrath" noted in Rom 5:9, as if saved from "law" worketh wrath noted in Rom 4:15).
It's interesting to notice in Jude 1:25 it concludes "God our Saviour" as being "the only wise God" (who will have ALL saved & ALL aware noted in 1Tim 2:4 as then being the perfect will of God)
What are your insights about the perfect will of God our Saviour?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

