---
title: "post 3137"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\January\post_3137.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2024
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-04T01:02:38.465316
source: v3.3.02
---

## Content

BEYOND ACTS, in Paul's Epistles,
WHERE and WHEN
NO more mention of "Son of man",
ONLY mention of "Son of God" for 
gospel of "Christ" (through Jesus → Christ),
THERE and THEN
GRACE to you, and PEACE, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
So, it seems, beyond Acts, in Romans → forward, in epistles of Paul, as the gospel of "Christ" through Jesus →Christ our Lord; 
By having NO more mention of Son of man, 
ONLY "Son of God" for Jesus Christ is Lord (not Lords),
THERE and THEN,
by NO mention of Son of man, it seems to thereby allegorically nullify previous law prophecies & threats of a "Son of man" to come with clouds, notably to DESTROY them all, as in the days of Noe and days of Lot, as Jesus had mentioned in Luke 17:25-30. 
Such was not good news, but division, partiality jeopardy.
(Mt 24:37-39; Mk 13:26,27; Lk 17:25-30)
So 1Corinthians 13:8 KJV says:
Charity [agape] never faileth, but
whether (law) prophecies, they shall fail,
whether (law) tongues, they shall cease,
whether (law) knowledge[gnosis], it shall vanish away.
1Timothy 2:3,4 KJV clarifies
what "God our Saviour" will have is:
- all men[anthropos] to be saved (by grace),
AND 
- to come unto the knowledge[epignosis] of the truth.
So, let's all move on, forward, from nice and nasty Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, Acts → to the gospel of "Christ" (is end of the law) in Paul's Epistles, where "in Christ" of through Jesus → Christ, it's no longer both old and new, but all things new: 2Cor 5:17.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

