---
title: "post 2529"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\September\post_2529.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2022
comments: 15
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T16:26:13.674048
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Two (Different) Comforters:
Holy Ghost & Spirit of truth ??
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
In 
KJV, which uses both "Ghost" & "Spirit" for Greek word 'pneuma', it says Jesus noted two (different) Comforters to be sent: 
"Holy Ghost": law teacher & reminder of all things Jesus had said. 
"Spirit of truth":  grace "guide" (aka follow me) into all truth.
At Pentecost, in Acts 2, it was "Holy Ghost".
John 14:16,17 KJV (Spirit of truth)
And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever; Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you.
John 14:26 KJV (Holy Ghost)
But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.
John 15:26 KJV (Spirit of truth)
But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:
John 16:13 KJV (Spirit of truth)
Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.
Acts 1:5 KJV (Holy Ghost)
For John truly baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence.
Acts 2:1-4 KJV (Holy Ghost)
And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.
What are your insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

