---
title: "post 3530"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\October\post_3530.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T22:30:29.381778
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Adam Ross Myers
---

## Content

Moses's Seat: Inexcusable Law Law: Matthew 23:2
Matthew 23:2 The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat.
They are hypocrites, blind guides, fools, serpents, vipers: Matthew 23:2, 13, 16, 17, 33.
Unto these whited sepulchures who love to be called Rabi Rabi: greater damnation of hell.
Moses' Seat: The Law: The seat of a child of hell, a "great terror"-ist: Deuteronomy 34:12.
Those made one proselyte by such like are: twofold: more the child of hell: Matthew 23:15.
Which (Law/Grace: Lie/Truth: Moses/JC: John 1:17) things are an allegory: Galatians 4:24
Those who sit in Moses' Seat are collectively called the Child of Hell (Law).
Those made one proselyte by such like are called twofold: more the Child of hell.
Matthew 23, seen in the greater of two lights, portrays the scribes and the Pharisees of double minded Jerusalem Jerusalem who love to be called Rabi Rabi as hypocrites, blind guides, fools, (ye) serpents, a generation of vipers. Such whited sepulchures are collectively a child of hell, all having this in common: they sit in Moses' seat: law (Matthew 23:2); Which is neither up-right nor merciful. Their seat is left in plural heavens on high, and it is not a mercy seat, since the mercy seat on the ark of the covenant is covered from both sides by the wings of Cheri-bums. They say Peace and Safety in Law worketh Wrath, which is followed by their end: the "not escape" sort of "sudden destruction" which comes upon "them", and notably because of what "they say", as noted in 1Thessalonians 5:3. By THY words THOU art justified (graced) or condemned (lawed): Matthew 12:37. Worse yet, being made "one proselyte" by such like is "more the child of hell".
Biography of Moses reveals Moses' Seat is Moses' Law:
To get an allegorical picture of what sort of seat "Moses' seat" was, and to realize it's not a mercy seat, let's take a quickened biblical biography of Moses. In Exodus 3 God notably called him "Moses Moses" to allegorically denote he's double minded: unstable (James 1): all ways of such law law. In his writings Moses is greatest of prophets (servants), kinda like top dog John is more beloved in his ("verily verily") gospel account, but only according to John. So those of double minded Jerusalem Jerusalem love to be called Rabi Rabi, which is to allegory say Moses Moses: Law Law. In the last of his writings, Moses was notably a "great terror"-ist to all Israel, of Jacob/Israel. So we find Moses in the hall of shame of Hebrews 11, wherein it notes these all died and received not the promise. For do the will of God preceeds receive the promise in Hebrews 10; And the will of God is I will have mercy, not sacrifice, which meaneth I will have grace, not law.
Moses' Law: A Great Terror. Moses: A Great Terror-ist.
By his own admission in his writings Moses' law was a "great terror" to all Israel (of Jacob/Israel): Deuteronomy 34:12, which kinda makes Moses himself a great terror-ist, who even feared himself to the point of exceedingly fearand quake: Hebrews 12:21. Perhaps this is why Daniel notably had "night visions" (night mares) from reading a book, the book of Moses called the law (five books written by Moses: Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy collectively called the law) which was "given by Moses": John 1:17 and called "Moses' law": Hebrews 10:28. Daniel was finally told in Daniel 12 to shut up (about the law) and seal it: the abomination of desolation, till the time of the end... allegorically the time of Christ is the end of the law: Romans 10:4.
The truth about Moses' Law: It's Moses' Surely Die Lie
Grace and truth, which came by Jesus Christ, was truth about Moses' law, and about those who sit in Moses' seat: they're hypocrites, blind guides, fools, ye serpents, a generation of vipers. Such "ye (do err) shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free", free of believing the law(lie), as the better thing God provided for us, of them/us, via JC: one that is truer and greater than lying(lawing) Moses. Grace us and truthful JC gave Daniel's great tribulation (Moses' law) no place at all in Mt 24:21... It "was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be". And by doing that (giving no place to devil law) he could not be holden of death, the sting of sin, which law was both the source of: Romans 5:13 and the strength of: 1Corinthians 15:56.
Moses' Law: Allegorically Moses' Lie: Accuser of the Brethren
By allegoric comparison in John 1:17, law & grace of Moses & Jesus Christ are compared as lie & truth, which kinda makes Moses and his law the liar from the beginning mentioned in John 8. Further allegorical comparison of Moses (law) & JC (grace) in John 5:45 reveals Moses, via Moses' law, is the "accuser of the brethren" mentioned in Revelation 12. For grace does not accuse (John 5:45), nor condemn (John 3:17...John 8:11...2Corinthians 5:19).
Moses' Law is not Merciful; Rather it is Merciless
In Hebrews 10:28 it notes all who despised Moses' law died "without mercy". There's no mercy at all in unpardonable blasphemy the Ghost (Law), not in this world nor the to come (if you would have law be the to come, again). There is only mercy in grace. In fact the only thing obtainable at the throne of grace is mercy: Hebrews 4:16. By grace void of law all blasphemy is both forgivable and forgiven, by God hath forgiven "you": Ephesians 4:32, and thereby all the kingdom within "you", by the abolition of law (the surely die lie) which Moses added to God's "grace is sufficient" (no law required).
Moses' "Seat": Chair (Strong's Concordance)
# 2515   //  kayedra  //  kathedra   //  kath-ed'-rah  //
being 'from 2596', denotes it's a seat below where Christ is seated:
"higher than the heavens", "above" right of left/right heavens on high.
Moses seat(chair) is not right of left/right heavens, but left: Mt 23:38.
For 2596 speaks of 'down from', 'below', and 'against' steadfast, settled
So Moses' seat is not the mercy seat of a just judge who is merciful; Rather it's the opposite: the merciless seat of an unjust judge, who may have mercy, but such is followed by sacrifice, like saved + destroyed after via grace + law; Which Jude 5 notes is what happened to them all who followed Moses. Selah.
By Moses' law none entered; Rather all died (Jude 5) short of enter. And if we add up all no enter lists, notably from law verses, we find law excludes all from entering. For law does not coexist with grace in peace, no, not any more than grace coexists with law in peace. Peace with God is not in Jesus, but rather clarified as "through Jesus→Christ", which ends with Christ: is the end of the law. Grace(Life) and Law(Death) are contrary things which only mix to make an oxyMORON, a mix-tu-are with a BAD ending; And since grace is, law "added", all such grace + law is not only all vanity and vexation of spirit, but a good + evil oxymoron with a bad ending: evil. Hence it is JC exhorted: "either make the tree good or evil(corrupt)"; Either grace or law, not both.
Grace neither tempts (laws) nor can be tempted (lawed).
Grace cannot lie (law) nor die (law). Law Law does both.
Let us be sure there is no law (lie, evil concupiscence, temptation, accusation, condemnation, wrath, sin imputation, curse, infirmity, killing) "of God" (who cannot lie nor die, and is even excepted from the shew, being higher than such plural heavens), no, not unless such God mentioned be either a plural divided God (Elohyim) or an allegoric law God (your Father), of two Gods portrayed in such a God shew, and purposed only to "shew", and "in his times" [who is] "the only Potentate" (of such twain and opposed Gods) is His grace. It says, of "which things are an allegory", they were "written aforetime for our learning".
Let us be sure there is no law of God in "heaven": "higher than the heavens", by making full proof, even the trying of such false/true Spirits(Gods) as law/grace (lie/truth) both to see and to know which is witch of twain things allegorically portrayed first/last as old/new. For with respect to what God said: "let us make man", once getting beyond the child/man aspect to man, we still have two one man scenarios to sort out in Romans 5, two Adams to sort out in 1Corithians 15, and as if two Lords to compare till it's one Lord of Lords; As if being in them (in Adam) / in us (in Christ) are both played out on all the worlds a stage as two before/after options given in the beginning for let us make man: (i) "in our (mirror) image", (ii) "after our likeness". Such created/made things are portrayed as a shew, also as a "mystery" to solve with lots of twists, especially near the end. Also "allegory", so allegoric mystery.
To get it: understanding, it really helps to put aside traditional teachings and simply plough through the biblical evidence of forty biblical witnesses giving testimony (evidence), to see what's "evident" from all such evidence. Paul The Apostle did such, and says, as "his witness unto all men", that it is "evident" that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God. For as Paul notes to bewitched Galatains: if justified by the law, you're fallen from grace to law, and if fallen from grace to law, then Christ(the end of the law) is of "no effect" to you: Gal 5:4. If Christ of no effect to you, and law = ministration of death, then what you can expect from being justified by the law is a dead end. In plainer english you can bend over and double kiss your divided ass bye bye for being willingly ignorant; For ignorance is not bliss, and life + death is not life.
Two allegoric Gods are opposed about them, one concluding "them" all in unbelief, one not imputing sin, no, not even unto "them" created of such created/made things. For only what's "made" God saw as "good", and what's lastly made ("man", but not "in our image", rather "after our likeness" of twain options for making of man) man "kind" is then seen as "very good".
There is no law in "the God of all grace" with which to law: sin & death anyone, nor any wrath in "merciful" with which to wrath any of us: 1Th 5:9.
Hence the seat of Moses and the seat of Christ  (in which "that God" was in reconciling the world unto himself) are as contrary as merciless/merciful, seats as contrary as left/right, and as contrary as them-ward←BC/AD→us-ward, as is the difference between two Adams, the first of such male & female Adam called "them" (Genesis 5), and "as in Adam (as in them) all die".
In contrasting comparison, perhaps allegoric compare-i-son, the question is posed, and evidently for all to answer: even so in Christ (in us) shall all live. Yes, of course all live is better than all die, but it has to be an all, all us, which requires a conversion of them to us, so all may live instead of all die. For since there is no respect of persons with God, it's an all or none at all waiting game, the Lord notably long-suffering to us-ward being a hint what we all have to be to live, to escape this life + death = a dead end. Such all live is by all grace.
Not much doubt then why(?) we'd also find Moses seated in the hALL of shame of Heb 11's blind faith heroes, which notes "these all died" and "received not the promise". It also concludes "God having provided some better thing for us", of them/us, which is clarified in 1Thes 5: 3 & 9, the latter being God hath not appointed us to wrath ("law worketh wrath": Rom 4:15).
For confirmation Moses' seat is not a mercy seat, Jude 5 notes all who followed such pied piper out of Egypt were both saved + destroyed, dead end of Mosaic grace + law(added) being as blessed + cursed = accursed (Gal 1).
Moses himself was saved as a babe from a slaughter of infants, raised as a royal prince once weaned from his Hebrew mother, but never got weaned from law and later became both a murderer and a great terror to all Israel. He even terrorized himself with law to the point of "exceedingly fear and quake" at blackened Mt Sinai, which by his report did lift itself up over the people who gave his devilish law place and authority to accuse, condemn, and kill them. Their feedback, about law, was sh-it: for they well said at Horeb-bull Mt Sinai the law should not be spoken to them again. Moses both lived + died, but was not resurrected as Christ, rather mourned, and mourned only thirty days.
The love + fear ladder of grace + law old Moses climbed, climbing to the top of Pisgah at age 120, may have given him a panoramic view, but it dead ended short of entering in for him also. For it is written: he shall have judgment without mercy who hath shewed no mercy: James 2. Such allegorically denotes grace + law = saved + destroyed after = life + death = dead end.
Moses's seat seems to be in plural "heavens", divided left/right into law/grace, plural heavens being lower (fallen) than the singular higher "heaven", which is "higher than the heavens". The seat of Moses: law, albeit lofty, seems to be left of such left/right, not up-right but up-left; for the heavens are "higher than the earth". As said, to them of them/us: your house is left, unto you desolate.
Unto you, of ye/you (allegorically that of this/that, what's made perfect of imperfect/perfect things created/made), Moses' seat, Moses' house, the house of law: sin & death, is desolate (empty, void, vanished), was but is not. It got abolished for being enmity, got nailed and blotted out for being against us, done away as a ministration of condemnation and death, put off for being old of old/new, put away for being childish of child/man, and flushed as "dung".
For a phantom menace, such as a "shadow" of things to come, such a valley of the shadow of death, such a depression as law was, but is not, is not the very(true) things to come, but rather a counter part in a shew to shew the only Potentate is grace. Law was the childish part of child/man Paul put away to be man: 1Corinthians 13:11, then he went on from such better blessed of good/better law/grace blesseds to being the best sort of man, who concluded no mention of law at all is what's best of (good→better)→best for all. So we find no mention of law at all in the conclusions of all Pauline Epistles, including Revelation which Paul sign-fied is also his epistle, with his "token" of grace (ticket to heaven) in "every epistle", and notably by his own hand, as is noted thrice for us in three other Pauline Epistles.
Moses' seat: is below the mercy seat, for the mercy seat is above the law, above the ark containing the law. Above such is from where God speaks.
Plural "heavens", having both up-left and up-right, may be "higher than the earth", but when it comes to one "heaven", "the King" thereof, God himself, and what's all-right with God, such is "higher than the heavens", above such left/right seats of Moses/Jesus Christ, above up-right where it's all-right.
Wisdom from "above" (perhaps higher than the heavens) is "firstly pure" in the comparison of two wisdoms in James 3; and what's firstly pure, arrives undefiled as pure religion did, is then firstly peace-able among seven things, the midst (mercy full) and last (without hypocrisy) of such firstly pure things also being pure; as is glory-us eternal lively hope in New Testament Sevens.
Pure religion, which paid a "visit" (not a ransom) to those afflicted with a bad case of grace + law = life + death = a dead end, both arrived undefiled and remained unspotted from such a globe-all plague witch caused all to perish. Converted Peter, who notably strengthens his brethren in accordance with "when (not if) thou art converted, then strengthen thy brethren", reveals what caused all to perish in the first of two worlds and two last days he allegorically compares in 2Peter 3. What caused everyone to perish wasn't just ignorance, but "willing" ignorance. Paul clarifies it's by the using of ordinances all perish in Colossians 2:20-22; So of the laws he says: touch not, taste not, handle not.
God saw good only, six times in Genesis 1, not "both good and evil"; And what God saw as "good" (only), was what God "made" (only) of such "created" AND "made" things, "which things are an allegory", an allegory with a moral, written aforetime for our learning: Romans 15:4...
Written for our "learning" since "it is preposterous order to teach first and learn after"; which Translators of the Bible tell us, as well as wishing all (king and kingdom) three wishes: grace mercy peace, in the Epistle Dedicatory and preface to readers. And such wishes ending with peace are notably "through" Jesus Christ. Hence it is written that "peace with God" (no more left/right wars in plural heavens) is through Jesus-→Christ. For that God, who is all light and no darkness at all, was in "Christ" of Jesus Christ reconciling the world. The Christ thereof is notably "the end of the law". For "where no law, there no transgression": Romans 4:15. And when no law, no sin imputed: Romans 5:13. And when no sin imputed, no sting of death: 1Corinthians 15:56. Such is life only, rather than life + death = a dead end.
For if there are two "finished"s in John 17 & John 19, and if law = sin (Romans 14:23 --- Galatians 3:12), and sin(law) is allowed to be finished, then as James 1:15 plainly tells us: sin(law), when "it is finished", brings forth death (not life), and death to all: "as in Adam all die". Such kinda sheds a new light on "it is finished", one of the seven last utterances, is a menorah seven with two Gods in the "midst" resulting in "forsaken", rather than "I will never leave thee nor forsake thee" when the will of God is first finished the Human Race.
Perhaps the throne of grace (only) is not where both mercy and sacrifice are obtained, but where mercy (only) is obtained (Hebrews 4:16), and merciful perfect love for all; For of a truth there is no respect of persons with God, only partiality against God.
By 
Daniel Miles

