---
title: "post 1815"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\September\post_1815.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:46:08.010164
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Human? Why does word human not occur in KJV, but in 12 other bibles?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
I find it interesting to observe (not accuse nor judge) how many people still refer to themselves as being human, when human never occurs in KJV story (mythology, allegory, mystery), but got added in other bibles. Eg: in 1Cor 2:4 & 4:3 'human' describes man's[anthroposis] wisdom & judgment, as if 
still in 'anthropos' mode, of 2 anthropos/aner man modes. 
Seems the 'anthropos' man mode in Romans 2:1 (Greek) is still judge-mental & self-condeming, and in Rom 3:4 is still liar mode, by not yet upgrading to 'aner' man mode; Which has no sin imputed in Rom 4:8, by having put away childish things in 1Cor 13:11. So then the head of every 'aner' man is Christ (end of law flaw), and can also become a perfect 'aner' man called the "fulness of Christ" (graceful, merciful, peaceful).
Ppl say to err is human & I'm human, as if error of mind is ok. Even so-called Christians say we're not perfect, as if unaware the free gift of righteousness came upon all men[anthropos], by JC's grace & truth, to help mind renewal transformation, from a creature made subject to vanity to a new creature.
Seems ppl in human mode still talk of being a living "soul" of first→second man upgrade from living "soul" (natural first) to quickening "spirit" (spiritual afterward). Yet in the biblical mystery, even when spirit-u-al there's still spirit of error & spirit of truth to sort out, until only a spirit of truth. Seems why we all need the Big Spirit of grace & of truth to "guide" us into "all truth" (no lie), as if into the God of "all grace" (no law). 
Although every Bible is a story, seems modern bibles not only add dangerous helps, but most have removed "Christ" from their end, seems to give place to OT←BC stuff to manifest, like news & weather report "worst"←OT scenarios to watch. So for the biblical mystery, I prefer KJV, ends well for you all:
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

