---
title: "post 2709"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\March\post_2709.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2023
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-06T21:34:13.745515
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: ----Ma---r--c--h--2----3,------2---02-3--
---

## Content

YE / YOU used in KJV Holy Bible.
Examples of YE / YOU often both used in same verse for contrast.
Matthew 22:29
Jesus answered and said unto them, Ye do err, not knowing the scriptures, nor the power of God.
Matthew 5:43,44,45
YE have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy. But I say unto YOU, Love your enemies, bless them that curse YOU, do good to them that hate YOU, and pray for them which despitefully use YOU, and persecute YOU; 
That YE may be the children of your Father which is in heaven: ...
Mark 4:24
And he said unto them, Take heed what YE hear: with what measure YE mete, it shall be measured to YOU: and unto YOU that hear shall more be given.
Luke 17:21
Neither shall they say, Lo here! or, lo there! for, behold, the kingdom of God is within YOU (of Ye / YOU).
John 8:32
And YE shall know the truth, and the truth shall make YOU free.
John 13:34
A new commandment I give unto YOU, That YE love one another; as I have loved YOU, that YE also love one another.
John 14:28
YE have heard how I said unto YOU, I go away, and come again unto YOU. If YE loved me, YE would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I.
Romans 1:7b
Grace to YOU and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 3:2
If YE have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to YOU-ward:
1Peter 5:10
But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that YE have suffered a while, make YOU perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle YOU.
Revelation 22:21
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with YOU all. Amen.

