---
title: "post 1736"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\June\post_1736.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:30:19.907824
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
James 1:5 reveals there's a nice God who "upbraideth not": an aspect of that God which contrastingly differs from these:
- pre cross Jesus upbraided & threatened: Mt 11:20-24.
- post cross Jesus still upbraided & damned: Mk 16:14-16.
- God having conditional goodness & severity: Rom 11:22.
- 
God who both chastens & scourages every son: Heb 12:6.  
Hmmm...
Seems that God who doesn't upbraid may be directly asked for wisdom, yet is so graceful, merciful, peaceful he will not force his wisdom on any, but patiently waits to be asked; As if remaining non interferring, just observing, until asked in faith.
For me, it took being wooed by the Spirit of truth to notice that God in James 1:5, then Spirit help to contrast how such not upbraid differed from upbraid, threaten, chasten, scourge; Until I reasoned I should humbly ask that God for wisdom.   
Then I began to get an abundance of revelations about grace and truth, such that things I'd been taught & thought had to be unlearned by a process of un-learn lower gnosis knowledge and re-learn higher epignosis knowledge by mind renewal.
It really made a big difference in my learning journey, as if a heart change from law & law/grace duality to all grace.
So, although I realize why most so-called christians will ignore book of James as just being written to scattered Jews; I now recommend people investigate that God revealed in Jam 1:5, pure religion in Jam 1:27, wisdom from above in Jam 3:17.
I'll leave it there, and let the Spirit of truth be everyone's guide.
Carity: not noted to speak against pre or post cross Jesus, nor against any biblical God; But as FYI for awareness sake.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ with you all. Amen.

