---
title: "post 3291"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\April\post_3291.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:17:17.392365
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

THE END to endure unto to be saved only by grace only: 
Revelation 22:21 KJV 
is the salutation of Paul (not John) written by Paul's "own hand".
Let's investigate...
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Seems we all fail the final exam of the Bible by ass-u-me John is the author, written about AD90. 
For mention of the temple therein makes it written prior to AD70; 
And if the end is Paul's grace salutation (not John's) written by Paul's "own hand", as revealed in 2Thessalonians 3:17,18, 
It kind of sign-fies Paul (not John) is the author of Revelation.
It seems John did write to seven churches of Asia (also called Galatia), but that is what bewitched the churches, which Paul and seven who accompanied him into Asia (noted in Acts 20:4) had established.
eg:
Acts 20:4 KJV
And there accompanied him into Asia Sopater of Berea; and of the Thessalonians, Aristarchus and Secundus; and Gaius of Derbe, and Timotheus; and of Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus.
Seems Paul wrote (and sign-ified) Revelation as a spoof on John getting "turned" to what's "behind" him (Rev 1:10,12), as if a dog "turned" to his own vomit (noted in 2Peter 2:22),
And Paul included what John wrote to seven churches.
Let's notice the end: Revelation 22:21 KJV is always and only the grace salutation of Paul (never of John), and is always penned by Paul's "own hand", which he thrice noted in his epistles.
Romans 16:24
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Philemon 4:23
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
2Thessalonians 3:17,18
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 22:21 KJV
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

