---
title: "post 2757"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\April\post_2757.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T22:45:34.271766
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Apr--i---l----2-------3,--------2----02-3
---

## Content

Jesus had Matthew 10:26 said:
there is nothing covered [kalpto] that shall not be revealed [apokalypto], and hid [krptos: kept secret] that shall not be known [ginosko].
Seems this still happens today: some examples:
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Covered up (kept secret): Titanic did NOT sink; Rather it was sister ship Olympic, name plated as Titanic that they deliberately sank to get the in$urance money that would not have applied to Olympic (had sailed first & had a collision making it unin$urable). 
This was kept secret for 100 years, but upon finding the supposed Titanic, it was revealed the switched nameplate had fallen off to reveal it was the sister ship Olympic that had sunk. 
Truth is: 
Real Titanic never sank, but sailed on through a war to junkyard.
But,
History Channel still says Titanic sank, after known as lie for years.
Seymour Hersh (considered a reliable international journalist) has revealed (from anon sources & evidence gathered) it was USA that bombed NordStream Pipeline, as Biden previously said he would. Interesting how Collective West Main Stream Media & White House officials ignore this revealing story; Making up alternate stories like 6 aboard Andromeda yacht did it, or a fishing boat did it, or an oiltanker did it. The Sy Hersh story is now believed as credible ww.
Seymour Hersh has also made a story available that notes how corrupt Unkraine was/is: known as 3rd most corrupt country in world, and most corrupt country in Europe, it seems many things told by and about Ukraine is either false or made up to deceive.
Seems,
about 80% of world population is now considering this, and considering joining BRI(CS+ as a means of USA de-dollarization. Even people in EU countries are now protesting, saying NO more money or lethal weapons to Ukraine, and NO to NATO offensive, which could result in WW3 as a potential nuclear war.
Now, ex-CIA Mike Morell has revealed in secret sworn testimony that on the advice of Blinken (then member of Biden election campaign) he had gotten 50 intel people to sign a letter saying (falsely) that the intel was Russian propaganda; When, in truth, it was USA propaganda used to help elect Biden as POTUS of USA. 
Hmmm.
What are your thoughts or insights about cover ups revealed?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

