---
title: "post 2358"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\March\post_2358.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2022
comments: 14
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:42:21.046708
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M-a--------r-c-h--1-8--,-------2----02-2-
---

## Content

Beyond Acts: NO Son of man, ONLY Son of God mention...
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Let's notice & reason why NO more mention of "Son of man", ONLY of "Son of God", in Romans→forward, which is then called "gospel of God" 7x 
"gospel of Christ" 11x; 
is "through our Lord Jesus→Christ" 
allegory as if through 2SonsJesus to 1SonChrist.
Seems a reason for no more Son of man mention when it's the gospel of "Christ" is: as also OT Son of man Jesus, he was still both nice & nasty, but as only NT Son of God he's only nice. 
Jesus revealed in John 5:25-29 when still 2 Sons: Son of God & Son of man, he still had 2 voices, saying 2 things: 
Son of God voice: "live" 
Son of man voice: "judgment [krisis] also", 
as if when twain still both grace & law also. 
So to end law also it's necessary to end Son of man also.
Seems in Mt - Acts, while 2 Sons, he's 2 Saviours: as Jesus (Jewish Messiah: King of Jews) he's only "Saviour of Israel" (Acts 13:23), but as Christ he's called "Saviour of the world" (Jn 4:42).  
Son of man was an OT term that changed from small s to Big S in Ezekiel, where both son of man & Son of man occur, a lot. Big S Son of man also occurs in Daniel, wherein the only OT mention of Son of God (as 4th man in furnace) also occurs in Dan 3:25. 
Son of man Jesus believers will say that makes him fully man and fully God; But that does not jive with "God is not a man that he should lie, neither son of man that he should repent" (Num 23:19). 
Paul said in Rom 3:4 let God be true, but every man [anthropos] a liar; And Son of man [anthropos] is anthropos. 
But 
in Eph 4:13 coming unto the knowledge [epignosis] of the "Son of God" is as unto a perfect man [aner], as unto fulness of "Christ".
Seems only Son of man Jesus spoke of being betrayed of sinners, and of threats of vengeance re such. Seems Son of man accuses. 
In contrast, 
seems in his Son of God voice Jesus noted in John 5:45 he would not even accuse any to the Father, like in John 8 he told the woman caught in adultery he did not condemn her. 
Not condemn, but save the world is notably "through him" in John 3:17, which is later noted as through Jesus→Christ, ending with his Christ mode.
What are your insights about no mention of Son of man beyond Acts, as then being the gospel of God 7x & gospel of Christ 11x?
Note: in Revelation it says "one LIKE Son of man" (not Son of man).
This was not posted to speak against Jesus as Son of man, but to aware about the change from 2SonsJesus in Mt-Acts to 1SonChrist (aka only Son of God) in Romans forward.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ (be/is) with you all. Amen.

