---
title: "post 3534"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\October\post_3534.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T22:31:30.932548
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Adam Ross Myers
---

## Content

Two Ministrations: Ministration of Death & Life
Ministration of Death (Law) -vs- Ministration of the Spirit(God; by His Grace)
Ministration of Condemnation (Law) vs Ministration of Righteousness (Grace)
2Corinthians 3 is primarily a comparison of two glorys, and the conclusion is we all are chanGed "from (law) glory to (grace) glory" as by the Spirit(God [is] a Spirit; the Spirit of Grace; Truth thereof God cannot lie nor die). 
2Corinthians 3 also mentions two ministrations: (i) ministration of death (ii) ministration of the spirit. And since it previously clarifies the letter (law) killeth but the spirit (grace) giveth life, such ministrations of law and grace are as contrary as ministering death (by law) or life (by grace). The two ministrations thereof law and grace are also called (i) ministration of condemnation, (ii) ministration of righteousness. When comparing two ministrations as two glorys, although the first (law) "was" glorious: glory them, the second (grace) is so exceedingly "much more" glory us that the first seems to fade to nothing at all in comparison. So it is also written the law is "ready to vanish" and "shall vanish".
We have clarity the first ministration: a ministration of condemnation and a ministration of death, was of Moses, was a ministration of law: John 1:17; And all such law, whether written in stone or in ink is to be "done away". For Hebrews 10:9 also clarifies: He "taketh away" the first (law) that he may establish the second (grace). So, as it says in Rom 8, there is therefore now no condemnation. So ministers ministering the law of Moses today are ministering condemnation and death, not only unto hearers, but unto everyone, including themselves. As it says in 2Cor 11, such ministers, of Satan, shall have an end according to their (grace + law) works, an end such as life + death, a dead end. Nevertheless such a great oops, as "ye do greatly err", is done in ignorance. Problem is, it's epidemic in the churches, the very places we'd least expect such oops, and by those thinking they do God a service. We were forewarned many would come in his name, what they would say, and such like would "deceive" many. Hence awareness is crucial to understanding. Yet the difference between beware and be aware is fear and love. So let's be aware rather than beware, love one another as Christ(the end of the law) did rather than fear one another Jesus(made under the law) did. For the only commandment still in force is "love one another as I have loved you", the end thereof such commandment is notably "you" = "charity" (1Tim 1:5) and out of a pure heart, in which things are an allegory; And you (made perfect by the God of all grace) speaks of God(Love) one another with Perfect Love(God): Charity "never faileth" nor forsaketh (Hebrews 13). God is Love, but clarified as perfect love, which hath no fear (hath torment).
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ with you all. Amen.
By 
Daniel Miles

