---
title: "post 1601"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\November\post_1601.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2018
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:05:45.127213
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: N-----o-v---e---m----b--e-r---2---,---2---0--18
---

## Content

Eternal Life Questions:
Grace, Mercy, and Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
- Why is "eternal life" only mentioned in the New Testament?
- 
Why did Jesus Christ say in John 17:2-4 the "only true God" sent him to give "eternal life" (not this "life eternal"), and he had "finished" that "work" given him to do before the cross?
- Why is "eternal life" the only NT "life" phrase that occurs past 1Timothy; But "life eternal" (reverse of "eternal life") never occurs past John 17:3, and OT "everlasting life" never occurs past Romans 6:22, and even "life everlasting" (reverse of "everlasting life") never occurs past 1Timothy 1:16?
- Why did 1Timothy 6:12b say "lay hold on eternal life" is   "whereunto" you're "also called" (after 6:12a's fight mode)? Why did Romans 4:15 say where, of 1Tim 6:12b's whereunto, is "where no law, there no transgression"? Where is no law?
- Why is "eternal life" the only NT "life" phrase "God, that cannot lie", promised before the world began (Titus 1:2)? Does it suggest other OT/NT "life" phrases may be a lie?
- When & How does Hebrews 10:36 KJV say ye (do err) might "receive" the promise (God can't lie promised in Titus 1:2)?
- Of  26 NT mentions of eternal life, why does Jude 1:21b last say look for the mercy (not sacrifice) of our Lord Jesus Christ "unto eternal life" (prior to enter Revelation has no mercy)?
- IS eternal life (void of death) already our true spiritual reality; And if eternal life has neither beginning nor end, does it make "In the beginning" a biblical "mystery" shew we're watching, which simulates watchers to earth, to endure unto the end?
Thanks for your thoughts about these questions.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

