---
title: "post 1456"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\May\post_1456.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:16:16.502486
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M-ay-----3---0-,--2--0---------1--8
---

## Content

A More Excellent Way For ALL (than Broad/Narrow ways of Many/Few): 1Corinthians 12:31...1Cor 13:1-13; 
Allegory as if "greatest" of "three" being as if a 3rd way of 3: Great, Greater, Greatest (Broad, Narrow, MoreExcellent) 
I did not previously know about "a more excellent way" until I humbly asked the God who "upbraideth not" for His wisdom, according to James 1:5-8; Not yet knowing "that God" (who "upbraideth not") is so gracious He 
will not force His pure grace wisdom on any, but patiently waits until asked for His wisdom (as if in hide mode, of hide & seek, to also be found).
Now I know why Jesus not only said seek to find (the kingdom of God), but also said ask to receive (God's righteousness).
Now I know why James 2:1 said have not the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ with respect of persons (partiality), and James 4 6-10 said God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace to the humble; Therefore we have to humbly ask God to lift us up.
Such is not said to suggest any flaw with many/few, no; But to share my lack of awareness of how neither of "many/few" are yet "all"; And how I had to learn God has no partiality to any. So His "more excellent way" is for all, not just a select few.
I was further surprised, to notice, by Spirit revealing, such a "more excellent way" in KJV is not still called "love" ('agape'), but called "charity" ('agape') in 1Cor 13 KJV; As if somehow "charity" is allegory a higher kind of 'agape' than "love", which is both great/greater, but in KJV only "charity" is "greatest" of "three", allegory as if "greatest" of great, greater, greatest.
So then, even though "greater love" is "greater", it's not quite yet what's "greatest" of "three"; As if only "charity" is 3rd of these three: Good, Better, Best=Rest of the story. WoW.
For me, I first had to get a Spirit teaching about KJV, to learn about KJV Translators, guidelines of translation, and in their Epistle Dedicatory translators cleverly revealed they were neither Roman Catholic (popish persons) nor even Protestant (self-conceited brethren). Such "learned men" unanimously agreed it is preposterous order to teach first, learn afterward.
I had to "go learn", by be guided by the Spirit, before I could even begin to share things I learned. Now I know why, in Mt 9:13, Jesus said "go learn" what "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice" (allegory) meaneth. I did not know it allegory meant God will have grace, and not law; Or that the not law part is not then, not now, not ever; Because God is also the "God of all grace" (aka then neither law nor still law/grace duality).  
Hope that share made some sense, about things I learned. I now wish Grace, Mercy, Peace to all brethren, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.

