---
title: "post 3023"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\October\post_3023.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:23:54.850471
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Biblical "US": 
3 Greek kinds: hemas, hemin, hemon in 2Cor 5:18-21 KJV
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Interesting 2Corinthians 5:18-21 KJV has 3 kinds of "us" in Greek: hemas, hemin, hemon:
5:18 And all things are of God, who hath reconciled US [hemas] to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to US [hemin] the ministry of reconciliation;
5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto US [hemin] the word [logos] of reconciliation.
5:20 Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by US [hemon]: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God.
5:21 For he hath made him to be sin for US [hemon], who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.
Seems to say God has reconciled US to himself by Jesus Christ (aka by grace & truth, which came by Jesus Christ: John 1:17, sent from the only true God: John 17:2).
So
"that God" (the only true God) was in Christ (of Jesus → Christ = the end of the law) reconciling the world [kosmos] unto himself, not even imputing their trespasses unto them (to later on forgive), and committed to US the word of reconciliation (aka grace, by which all are saved).
Seems why to be reconciled to "God" is to God cannot lie nor die.
interesting allegoric mystery stuff to notice, ponder, discuss.
What are your insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

