---
title: "post 1645"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\January\post_1645.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T09:51:46.108553
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

A more excellent way: 1Cor 12:31... 1Cor 13:1-13 KJV
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Re 'one Way' I now like a "more excellent way" (1Cor 12:31... 1Cor 13:1-13) called "charity"(agape2) in KJV, that's allegory even more excellent than "love"(agape1) is excellent. For...
A 
"more excellent way" is neither of "broad" & "narrow" ways of "many" & "few" in Mt 7, because neither "many" nor "few" are yet "all". So...
In NT story, even when Jesus chose a few (12) from among "many" followers, we still find some pew re few. Eg: James & John moved the ten to indignation. Thomas doubted. Of 12 it wasn't Judas, but Peter he called "Satan" (Mt 16:23) & foretold he'd later get 'epistrepho' converted in Lk 22:32 (more than child-ish 'strepho' converted). Also...
Even when it's a new 12, in Acts 2-5, such new few were still both nice (made impotent man whole) & nasty (killed Ananias & Saphirra). For... 
what came upon such at Penticost was the "Holy Ghost" (not "Spirit of truth": of 2 different Comforters in Jn 14:26 & 15:26 KJV), and because such were still assembling in "Solomon's porch" = law temple. Result, in Acts 5:11, was "great fear" (not love void of fear) came upon all the church. 
Hence... 
need for Saul to become Paul & preach the gospel of "Christ" (of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ"), to the Jew first, and also to the Greek: Rom 1:16. (as if fwd from 2SonsJesus to 1SonChrist).
Why?
Because in Mt-Acts Jesus was still 2Sons: Son of God + Son of man, with 2Voices: "live" + "judgment also" (as if both comfort + discomfort also: grace + law also): John 5:25-29. So John 7:43 noted there was still "division" (not peace), and "because of him" (still being 2Sons). 
So...
beyond (plural LukeWarm) Acts, there's NO more mention of Nazareth & NO more mention of Son of man (OT term), then ONLY Son of God (not still 2Sons, but 1Son). 
So... 
in Rom→fwd it's "Grace" (not grace + law also) to you, and "peace" (not confusion), from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus→Christ=the end of the law for righteousness. Hence "Christ" is the Saviour of the world (all).
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] "WITH you ALL". Amen.

