---
title: "post 0866"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\July\post_0866.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T18:57:27.871625
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

All CoverUps SHALL get UnCovered (Mt 10:26; Lk 8:17; Lk 12:2), including DiapperBlessed (LawBlessed) of Rom 4:7 (from Ps 32:1), Now being UnCovered to REVEAL churchy pew has not [yet] been taken away, but "covered" up with a sacrifice (blood shed): is not [yet] ManBlessed (GraceBlessed) in Rom 4:8 (Ps 32:2). So...
So, all of christendom yet has to deal with their BS (Bible Stupid). For God our Saviour will have MORE than just all men* 
saved, noted by "AND" in 1Timothy 2:4, where "knowledge" of the truth isn't 'gnosis' knowledge = law, but 'epignosis' knowledge = grace. *men = 'anthropos' = all "liars": Romans 3:4
POINT: Law will save ya, but also destroy ya after, because law is both good and evil=reverse of live; BUT Grace & Truth will both save all & aware all, so there be no death nor destruction of any.
- Matthew 10:26 KJV:
Fear them not therefore: for there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; and hid, that shall not be known.
- Luke 8:17 KJV:
For nothing is secret, that shall not be made manifest; neither [any thing] hid, that shall not be known and come abroad.
- Luke 12:2 KJV:
For there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known.
- Romans 3:4 KJV:
let God be true, but every man('anthropos') a liar
- Romans 4:7 (Psalms 32:1) KJV:
Blessed [are] they whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered.
- Romans 4:8 (psalms 32:2) KJV:
Blessed [is] the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin.

