---
title: "post 2093"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\March\post_2093.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2021
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:42:27.733383
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Post#3: Is there a JESUS CHRIST & CHRIST JESUS difference; As if how ETERNAL LIFE & LIFE ETERNAL both occur, but life eternal ends in Jn 17:3; Christ Jesus ends in 1Pet 5:14? Let's investigate.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Title Page: New Testament (not covenant) of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ (not Christ Jesus). Note: Therein Christ Jesus not even   mentioned till Acts, and only Jesus 
Christ is called our Saviour (9x).
Seminary educated will say no JC & CJ difference, except to portray Divinity (fully God) & Humanity (fully man) aspects of Jesus, by put Christ (as Messiah: annointed: chosen one) to left or right of Jesus. 
But 
What does Bible say? NT begins (Mt 1:1) & ends (Rev 22:21) with Jesus Christ, mentioned 187x; But Christ Jesus only occurs 58x, and only from Acts 19:4 to 1Pet 5:14, and only by Paul 56x & Peter 2x. 
13 NT books do not mention Christ Jesus (2 by Paul, 1 by Peter): Mt, Mk, Lk, Jn, 2Thess, Titus, James, 2Pet, 1Jn, 2Jn, 3Jn, Jude, Rev.
Here's the story narrative:
In Acts, Pharisee Saul not only changes from Saul to Paul (in Acts 13; not in 9 at Damascus nor yet in 11 at Antioch where 1st called Christians), but Paul then also further changes from a Christ Jesus mode (in Acts 19:4) to a Jesus Christ mode (in Acts 28:31). Then...
in Romans→forward, in epistles of Paul, as then the gospel of "Christ" (of through Jesus→Christ) & the dispensation of grace (of God, came by Jesus Christ: Jn 1:17); Paul 1st clarifies he's now in Jesus Christ mode, greets with Grace & peace from God our Father & Lord Jesus Christ, and when writing to them still in Christ Jesus mode (as he himself was previously), always turns his mention of Christ Jesus around to Jesus Christ, even in Hebrews.
When using both JC & CJ in 1Cor 1:1-4, Paul noted the grace given CJs is by JC. Seems that is one reason he had previously  noted in Rom 8:1 there is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit. 
In Philippians 2:5-11's CJ to JC turn around, Paul begins with Christ Jesus, who'd taken upon him the form of a "servant" (child: Gal 4:1), and found himself in fashion as a man [anthropos = liar in Rom 3:4], so humbled himself and became obedient to the death of the cross (as if to thereby end such servant & anthropos modes). Then it notes not only "every knee" should bow to a highly exalted name of Jesus that God gave him, but AND "every tongue" should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father.  
While Paul greets Timothy with Grace, Mercy, Peace from both our Lord Jesus Christ & our Lord Christ Jesus in 1Tim 1:2 & 2Tim 1:2; He also notes in 2Tim 1:8,9,10 the partaking of afflictions is a "before" mode (of before/after modes) God purposed for us in Christ Jesus, but Saviour mode manifesting is by the appearing of Jesus Christ. 
2Tim 3:12 notes all who will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer. So 1Pet 5:10 notes, while the God of all grace called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, it's not until "after" we've suffered a while (in before mode of CJ)  that he will make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you (as if by both grace & truth came by JC). Then 1Pet 5:14 last says Peace be with you all that are in Christ Jesus. Amen. As then being the end of mention of Christ Jesus. 
This comparing of CJ & JC modes is a long & deep bible study, not intended to confuse nor diminish the promise of life which is in Christ Jesus; But to remind us "eternal life" is the "gift of God" and it's "through Jesus→Christ our Lord" in Rom 6:23. 
So when Bible reading, notice whether it says Jesus Christ or Christ Jesus. FYI: Some modern bibles (including NKJV) even change Jesus Christ to Christ Jesus in a few places; And many that do even remove "Christ" from the end Jesus said to endure unto:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

