---
title: "post 1771"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\July\post_1771.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:35:30.918355
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
POST CROSS? Let's seek some explanations of a post cross problem: Mt 28 & Mk 16 say risen "Jesus" was still in "spake" mode & "upbraided" & "damned"; As if not yet "Christ" like.  Here's a few things Spirit helped me notice about such...
There's no grace, yet, in Mt or Mk, none till Luke; So it's like Mt & Mk are still a continuation of law and prophets mode, as 
why Jesus, made under the law (Gal 4:4), still said Nay to peace, and in Mt 12:32 & Mk 3:29 said never forgiveness in Ghostly law mode. So even though he did say forgiven, Mt 18 noted in law mode there's forgiven & unforgiven & tormented. 
In John 5:25-29 Jesus had revealed this about himself: when 2 Sons: NT "Son of God" & OT "Son of man", he still had both NT & OT voices, saying both "live" & "judgment also", even called for 2 resurrections of "life" & of "damnation". In John 3:14, as "Son of man" he'd even called himself a "serpent". 
It explains why, Palm Sunday entering Jerusalem he had 2 multitudes, one driven by Son of man & one led by Son of God; But when in Jerusalem is called Jesus the "prophet" of "Nazareth" (Mt 21:11), who then said nasty things, both in the law temple & on mount of Olives over "against" the temple. 
Learning such helped me do an allegoric compare-i-son of Jesus as OT Son of man ← & → NT Son of God, to see in Jesus mode he could be both, but in Christ mode only one. It also helped me see Jesus was still both in Mt-Acts, but then beyond Acts there's NO Son of man, ONLY Son of God.
Seems then the risen Jesus in Mt & Mk is called Jesus of "Nazareth", as why NO mention of Nazareth beyond Acts; Then called the gospel of "Christ" & of risen with "Christ".
I'll leave it there, and let the Spirit reveal more things.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ with you all. Amen.

