---
title: "post 1291"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\November\post_1291.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:33:51.184655
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

re Zion-ism of jewish & christian zion-ists: it would be funny if such-like were not so dog-gone hARM-ageddon. So, GLAD there's also Jews & Christians who are not ignorant (war-fare) zionists. 
FYI:
"Zion" = city of David is Not "Sion" = Mt Hermon in OT, where it also allegory notes dew of Mt Hermon (Sion) falls on Zion. 
So Sion allegory a higher place than Zion in OT. 
Seems why NO mention of Zion in NT KJV, only "Sion". 
So then, Zion = WAS, but is not now. Yet, re Sion...
Hebrews told "ye are come unto mount Sion"; Not nasty Mt Sinai, where both allegory contrasted in Hebrews 12:18-24... 
Sion therein is "city of the living God, heavenly Jerusalem", and has "better" speak (forgive) than that of Abel (avenge); But Sion still has a law Judge, so better law speak, not grace. And (for a shocker)...
this "living God" in Heb 12:22 had plural "hands" Paul allegory called "fearful" & "fall" in Heb 10:31. Hmmm... where would any fall from, to "fall" into L/R "hands" of living Law? Seems Galatians 5:4 said fallen "from grace" if justified by any law...
Then in Revelation, an apocalyptic scenario, seems a bride of a Lamb ('arnion', Not 'amnos'=TakethAway the sin of world), allegorized as a heavenly city, descends (falls) out of heaven.
Interesting biblical "mystery", having lots of twists to sort out.

