---
title: "post 1441"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\April\post_1441.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2018
comments: 6
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:10:07.874049
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Diaper Blessed isn't yet Man Blessed. For me, the gospel (good news only) of Christ, of through our Lord Jesus Christ, from his Jesus mode (change of the law) to his Christ mode (is the end of the law for righteousness), then became as if I was being blessed upgraded: as from blessed1 to blessed2 in Romans 4:7,8's contrast of 2 (diaper & man) blessed(s):
Eg:
- Rom 4:7 = blessed "they" whose iniquites are forgiven and whose sins are 
"covered" = as only diaper blessed. wow.
- Rom 4:8 = blessed the "man" to whom the Lord will not impute sin = no sin imputed to forgive nor cover up. WOW.
Seeing this/that, led by the Spirit, helped me to put away my childish things (laws) to be a real "man" (spiritual 'aner' man) as greek noted in 1Cor 11:3; 1Cor 13:11; Eph 4:13. For previously I was an 'anthropos' flesh man, still a judge-mental self-condemning liar, as greek noted in Rom 2:1; 3:4. 
Previously I'd been like a childish-man (oxy-moron), by not yet noticing "covered" in Rom 4:7 may also later get un-covered: as Jesus first noted in Mt 10:26; Lk 8:17; Lk 12:2; But not to shame, rather un-cover to reveal my dung was not yet also flushed, only "covered", and also needed to be flushed. 
For pew of un-covered dung can stink to high heaven. lol.
I can now lol at my previous self, after Spirit learning I'd been both crucified & risen with Christ, to thereby reckon myself.
dead unto sin = dead to the law = alive unto God (aka Grace).
Thankful for Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ; And for being led of the Spirit, re-ascended JC sent to help guide me into all truth of all grace.

