---
title: "post 0141"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\May\post_0141.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T20:43:13.433057
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery: troubled water? ... troubled heart?
Let not your heart be troubled (lawed): John 14 x2.
JC did NOT help impotent man into troubled water,
even though this was what IMPotent man desired.
Example: John 5
Rather than help impotent man into troubled water
(where he might get temporary healing by the law),
JC made the impotent man whole, by grace; And
also told this man to go and sin (law) no more,
lest a "worse" thing also happen,
when later found in law temple,
whoring with the law, again,
after made whole, by grace.
Troubled seems to suggest angelic messenger f-law:
- Zacharias was "troubled", about where Gabriel stood.
- Mary was also "troubled", about Gabriel's greeting.
- So, perhaps it was Gabriel who troubled the water.
So, Apostle Paul says, about such, in Galatians 1:6-8:
Even if an angel (messenger) brings you "another gospel",
perhaps "another law" gospel that may trouble (f-law) you,
then "let him (not you) be accursed" by such
grace + law = blessed + cursed = accursed.
So James 3:10 says this, about such trouble-ing:
grace + law = bless + curse ought not be spoken,
and should not be given Amen if anyone does it.
For Paul said, to trouble-ing Hebrews in Heb 13:
The heart should be e-stablished with grace,
not with old laws nor with new laws, b/c
them occupied with f-laws did not profit,
even though they got it from a prophet.
1st dble "Amen, amen" was to blessed + cursed: Num 5.
Next twelve "Amen"s were unto being cursed: Deut 27.
So if any bring you this crap, "let him be accursed" by it,
even if such f-law trouble-ing be by an angel from heaven.
"Let not your heart be troubled" (f-lawed): John 14: x2
For the last "Amen" is Not unto f-law, Nor unto grace + law;
But rather unto "grace" only, and even more specifically to:
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen".

