---
title: "post 2457"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\June\post_2457.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2022
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T15:04:12.560658
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"LIFE ETERNAL" IS NOT "ETERNAL LIFE" IN KJV BIBLE CONTRAST:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Interesting in KJV bible it uses both "life eternal" & "eternal life", but "life eternal" only 4x, first in Matthew 25:46 (offered to sheep by Son of man), not in Mk nor Lk, then in John 3x (Jn 4:36, 12:25, 17:3), until mention of "life eternal" ends in John 17, when therein contrasted with give "eternal 
life" is clarified as the work the only true God sent Jesus Christ (with grace & truth) to do, and Jesus Christ said he finished that work, even before the cross:
John 17:2-4 KJV ("life eternal" & "eternal life" contrasted)
2 As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give "eternal life" to as many as thou hast given him.
3 And this is "life eternal", that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.
4 I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do.
note: Romans 6:23 clarifies "eternal life" is the gift [charisma] of God, and notably through Jesus → Christ our Lord. Titus 1:2 clarifies ONLY "eternal life" is what God that cannot lie promised (not OT everlasting life, nor NT life eternal, nor NT life everlasting).
"life eternal" occurs only 4x, and mention ends in John 17.
"eternal life" occurs 22x, as what God cannot lie promised.
Note: "eternal life" is not mentioned in OT, nor in Revelation.
So Jude 1:21, as last mention of "eternal life", says:
Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ "unto eternal life".
(note: the phrase "unto eternal life" occurs in Romans 5:21)
What are your insights about "life eternal" & "eternal life"?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

