---
title: "post 1083"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\March\post_1083.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2017
comments: 35
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T20:02:33.356910
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M-a-r-ch------------3-,----20----1-7-
---

## Content

Biblical John? things to be aware of, as his writings can be tricky.
(clarity: not to bash John, but by request to help our awareness)
- James & John: "them" surnamed Boanerges = sons of thunder, moved the ten to indignation*, by requesting to sit R&L (not L&R) of 2SonsJesus, who was not [yet] perfected. - *indignation is 1st of 4 consequences for them still being contentious in Romans 2:8,9.
- 
James & John had to be rebuked for being so contentious they thought to call down fire from heaven to consume a village: Luke :54. 
- John's gospel account is the only "Verily, verily" account of four. Such "Verily, verily" is allegory like Big, little "Amen, amen" to Blessed, cursed; and allegory like Big, little "Master, master" is two many masters.
- John's writings have no mention of "revelation"; And he's the only NT writer to mention "antichrist". In contrast Paul's writings have no mention of antichrist, and 10 mentions of revelation.
- John was among 7 gone fishing & 11 upbraided after crucifixion.
- John implies he's more beloved & truthful, but it's only according to John, who's writings can be tricky without discernment. Eg: in John 5:29 his 2 resurrections: of life + of damnation = bad end; And his triple mention of "life eternal" is reverse of "eternal life", allegory like "evil" is reverse of "live".
- John is named among three top dogs who "seemed" to be pillars in Galatians 2:9; Then it's asked "Who" bewitched you in Gal 3:1. Then in Philippians 3:2 it mentions beware of dogs. Then 2Peter 2:22 notes this: it happened, The dog [is] "turned" to his own vomit again. 
Hmmm, seems in Revelation 1:12 John "turned" to what was "behind" him.
- 1John has lots of mention of love, but no mention of grace. ODD, since John 1:17 first mentioned grace and truth came by Jesus Christ. 1John is written to "little children", perhaps allegory as if to law children.
- 1John 3:10's contrast of 2 kinds of children to be is children of God & children of the devil = bad ending of reversed order. ODD. Perhaps it's why Paul previously said, twice, be not children.
-1John 4:6's contrast of 2 kinds of spirits to try is spirit of truth & spirit of error = bad end of reversed order, should end with truth.
- Title of Book of Revelation is The Revelation (uncovering) of "Saint"  John. In Ephesians 4:12, it noted saints still need perfecting & in Luke 13:32 it noted even Jesus still needed perfecting. 
So...
- prior to 1,2,3John's writings, in 1Peter 5:10, it reveals being made perfect is by "the God of all grace" 
(as if grace is more than John's love).
My heart to your heart. Grace hug.

