---
title: "post 2476"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\July\post_2476.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2022
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T15:12:48.249747
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Jul----y------13,----------2-0-2----2-
---

## Content

KJV (KING JAMES VERSION) ?
NOT JUST WHY USE KJV AS BIBLE, BUT ALSO WHICH KJV ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Clarity: this is NOT to suggest be a KJV ONLY-ist, nor to bash other modern bibles; But to help aware of things about the KJV not often made known. 
KJV is most printed book in world & best seller for over 400 yrs. Yet there's things about KJV to clarify, even about which KJV not to use, and reason why:
Not 1611 KJV, Because it had many typo & spelling errors, also gothic print & some difficult language needing edit. So avoid KJV ONLY-ists pushing 1611 KJV, rather edited (1769) KJV. YET...
Not even 1769 edited KJV, Because it still had apocrypha books in midst of Old & New Testaments, which later got removed in 19th century. So use a KJV that has no apocrypha books. YET...
Not a Cambridge KJV, Because crest of Cambridge University had 4 lions, but crest used by Oxford University (Press) was a book open proper with 2 crowns above & 1 crown below it.  So use the Oxford University Press KJV. (note: you can search & compare Cambridge & Oxford crests). YET...
Not a protestant KJV, Because they all remove Epistle Dedicatory of KJV Translators which therein reveal translators were neither Roman Catholic (popish persons) nor Protestant (self-conceited brethren who only preferred what's hammered on their anvil). So use a KJV which still has the Epistle Dedicatory, and which 1st wishes Grace, Mercy, Peace through Jesus → Christ our Lord. YET...
Not a Thomas Nelson KJV, Because although it does keep Epistle Dedicatory, it removes the informative end notes for Paul's Epistles, which are needed to discern things, such as which is the "epistle from Laodicea" Paul said Colossians should also read in Col 4:16.
Colossians 4:16 KJV (notes also read the epistle from Laodicea)
And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans; and that ye likewise read the epistle from Laodicea.
1Timothy 6:21 end note (reveals it is the epistle from Laodicea):
The first to Timothy was written from Laodicea, which is the chiefest city of Phrygia Pacatiana.
Thomas Nelson (HarperCollins) KJV also changes the title of the book of Revelation:
from: The Revelation of St John The Divine (original KJV title)
to: The Revelation of Jesus Christ (not original title, but 1st verse)
So not a Thomas Nelson, but Oxford University Press KJV. YET...
Not a NKJV (New King James Version) by Thomas Nelson, Because it changes charity to love (for agape), Ghost to Spirit (for pneuma), and in some places changes "Jesus Christ" to "Christ Jesus", even "new testament" to "new covenant" (for diatheke); Like most modern bibles do. 
NKJV is not an authorized translation of learned men; For by change "charity" to "love" it then contradicts itself by saying both love of many shall wax cold (Mt 24:12) & love never fails (1Cor 13:8)...
So use AKJV (Authorized King James Version), as a more exact translation (7th English Bible) made from six previous good (did not Wycliffe having dangerous helps), and by learned men who unanimously agreed on this:
it is preposterous order to teach first and learn afterward.
What is your insight about using KJV, and which KJV to use?
Of many bible versions I still prefer KJV for study of biblical allegory, and especially for this reason: it does not remove the word "Christ" from the end to endure unto as modern bibles do; 
And the end in KJV is notably the grace salutation of Paul (not John), writer of more NT than all other NT writers combined: 
Revelation 22:21 KJV (the end to endure unto):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

