---
title: "post 2043"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\November\post_2043.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2020
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:07:38.295562
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Things the Spirit helped me see about KJV: 7th English bible: called a more exact translation: so then called the Holy Bible.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
About KJV's End: Revelation 22:21 "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen": It does not remove "Christ", nor infer grace of Jesus is partial to believers only, which most modern bibles now do. It's the salutation of Paul, not 
John, Paul thrice noted he always pens with his own hand.
About KJV's Begin: even before "in the beginning" it has an Epistle Dedicatory wherein Translators wish 3 best wishes: "Grace, Mercy, and Peace through JESUS CHRIST our Lord". Therein such learned men also cleverly reveal they are neither popish persons (aka not Roman Catholic) nor self-conceited brethren (aka nor Protestant). It's now on line, and worth the search to read for those who have not yet read it.
About KJV's Pauline Epistles: only KJV has end notes for all 14 epistles of Paul, which reveal things like 1Timothy is the "epistle from Laodicea" Paul noted in Colossians 4:16 that the saints at Colosse should also read. Sadly Thomas Nelson's KJV (called Pew Bible) leaves out such important info. The end note for Hebrews leaves no doubt it's a Pauline Epistle.  
About KJV's unique allegoric wording such as ye and shew. Ye is not old obsolete English, but ye & you re used for contrast of ye do err, so kingdom of God is with-in you. Shew denotes an allegoric plural of show.
About KJV's 2 English words for same Greek word. Example: Both "favour" & "grace" used for 'charis'; Both Holy "Ghost" & "Spirit" of truth used for 'pneuma'; Both "love" & "charity" used for 'agape'. It's to allegory contrast of twain, one is more, like "grace" is more than "favour"; God is a "Spirit" is more than a "Ghost"; And "charity" a "more excellent way" (1Cor 12:31... 13:1-13 KJV)  than "love" is excellent. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

