---
title: "post 2984"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\September\post_2984.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T16:37:30.995777
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

ALLEGORY CONTRASTING New Testament (same) Greek terms:
charitoo ("highly favoured") ←vs→ charitoo ("accepted"),
charis ("favour") ←vs→ charis ("grace")
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
"accepted" [charitoo: Ephesians 1:6] is MORE THAN "highly favoured" [charitoo: Luke 1:28], even though both mean charitoo in Greek,
AS:
"grace" [charis: Luke to Revelation] is MORE THAN "favour" [charis: Luke to Acts], even though both mean charis in Greek.
Gabriel's "salutation" of "highly favoured" [charitoo] unto Mary in Luke 1:28,29 notably "troubled" her. He then used the term "favour" [charis] in Luke 1:30. (note: "favour" allegory denotes partiality).
Both "highly favoured" [charitoo] and "favour" [charis] were used "under the law" (grace is not even NT mentioned until Lk 2:20). 
But "accepted" [charitoo: Eph 1:6] and "grace" [charis: Lk 2:40] are used as then being "under grace", of:
"not under the law, but under grace": Romans 6:14.
For,
NT "grace" does not even occur until Luke 2:40.
(note: no grace mentioned in Matthew, nor in Mark, not even yet in Luke 1 until Luke 2:40 → forward).
So,
Paul's holy kiss salutation greeting in Romans forward:
is not Favour [charis] to you, from God;
But "Grace" [charis] to you, from God.
For,
"grace" [charis] is so "much more" than "favour" [charis],
as why "favour" never occurs beyond Acts 25:3,
where it was requested "against" to "kill" Paul;
But grace is never against any nor to kill any. 
Romans 2:11 notes:
there is no partiality (respect of persons) with God.
Interesting allegoric "mystery" details to notice & discuss.
Hope that made sense.
The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all.
Amen.

