---
title: "post 2145"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\June\post_2145.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T12:13:04.224414
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Interesting Bible things about "CHRIST JESUS" & "JESUS CHRIST":
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
New Testament begins & ends with "Jesus Christ", mentioned in all 27 books 196x. But "Christ Jesus" isn't mentioned until Acts 19:4, then 57x, yet only by Luke, Paul, Peter, only in 16 of 27 books, never past 1Peter 5:14. 
John 
1:17 contrast noted The law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by "Jesus Christ" ... then John 17:1-4 clarified the "only true God" to know sent "Jesus Christ" to give eternal life. 
In Acts, after Saul becomes Paul, then Paul goes through another change from "Christ Jesus" mode in Acts 19:4 to "Jesus Christ" mode in Acts 28:31. So in Romans→forward Paul always 1st notes he's now in "Jesus Christ" mode, but also no condemnation to them in "Christ Jesus" & love of God is inseparable in "Christ Jesus". 
Although many positive things noted in 40 mentions of "in Christ Jesus", one negative thing in 2Timothy 3:12 is "all" who will (small g) godly "in Christ Jesus" shall suffer persecution. Another more shocking thing in 1Tim 2:4,5 is 2:4 notes God our Saviour will have all men [anthropos] saved AND come unto the knowledge [epignosis] of the truth, then 2:5 notes it would include the mediator man [anthropos] "Christ Jesus" between God and men.
In all Paul's epistles, although he mentions both "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ", he turns "Christ Jesus" around to "Jesus Christ", including in Hebrews, where in Heb 13:8 he clarifies "Jesus Christ" is the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever. Not so with "Christ Jesus" which in Heb 3:1 he called the Apostle and High Priest.
Although "Christ Jesus" came into the world to "save sinners", it's interesting to notice "Christ Jesus" is never called "Saviour"; And although both "Christ Jesus" and "Jesus Christ" are called Lord, only "Jesus Christ" is Lord and Saviour.
In Philippians 2:5-11 both "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" occur, yet it portrays "Christ Jesus" descending to "servant" and 'anthropos' man mode (Judge-mental, self-condeming liar in Rom 2:1; 3:4); So became obedient to death of the cross to end such; Concluding not only should every knee bow to the highly exalted name of Jesus, but every tongue should confess "Jesus Christ" is Lord to the glory of the Father.
In Paul's epistles the holy kiss greeting is Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord "Jesus Christ". Last mention of "Christ Jesus" in 1Pet 5:14 says peace to all "in Christ Jesus".
In 1Cor 1:1-4, where both "Jesus Christ" & "Christ Jesus" mentioned, Paul clarifies the grace given them in "Christ Jesus" is by "Jesus Christ" (by whom grace & truth came). 
In 2Tim 1:9,10 it 1st notes God hath saved us & called us according to his own purpose and grace in "Christ Jesus" before the world began; Then notes it's made manifest by the appearing of our Saviour "Jesus Christ".  
As for the Revelation of "Jesus Christ" noted in Rev 1:1, after the title of "The Revelation (Uncovering) of St John The Divine", it's notable the Revelation (Uncovering) of "Jesus Christ' is in 26 previous books, rather than the apocalyptic book of prophecy. 
What are your insights about such CJ & JC mentions?
What's really interesting is the end to endure unto, in Rev 22:21, is never a salutation of John, but only the salutation of Paul:   
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus Christ (be/is) with you all. Amen.

