---
title: "post 3288"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\April\post_3288.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:16:58.237175
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

REVELATION:
Title & 1st Verse 
denote it's TWO REVELATIONS for contrast:
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
TITLE: (from pre-1900 Oxford KJV)
"The Revelation Of St John The Divine".
1st VERSE:
"The Revelation of Jesus Christ"...
RESEARCH NOTES:
The official Title denotes it is going to be about the revelation [apokalypsis: uncover & reveal truth] of a saint named John thought to be The Divine.
The phrase "The Revelation of Jesus Christ" never occurs in writings of John; 
But does occur in Galatians 1:12 & 1Peter 1:13 KJV by Paul & Peter.
The word "revelation" never occurs in writings of John,
But 
does occur 8x by Paul and 1x by Peter.
The Revelation of Jesus Christ (by whom came grace and truth from the only true God) is found in 26 previous books, with mention of "revelation" being mostly in the epistles of Paul.
So, it reasons the Title & 1st Verse may denote TWO REVELATIONS for contrast, perhaps allegory as if contrasting 
John (johnny law) vs Jesus Christ (aka grace & truth).
The End: Revelation 22:21 KJV is only the grace salutation of Paul, never of John, and as noted by Paul (2Thessalonians 3:17,18) is always written by Paul's "own hand".
So,
that reveals Paul (not John) may be the author of Revelation, and sign-ified it by his grace salutation written with his "own hand".
Seems John did write to seven angels of seven churches which Paul and seven (noted in Acts 20:4) established. But what John wrote bewitched the churches of Galatia (also called Asia minor), as noted in Galatians 3:1, and turned all in Asia against Paul, as noted in 2Timothy 1:15.
So,
Paul included what John wrote, in his writing of Revelation, as if a spoof on John getting "turned" to what was "behind" him (noted in Revelation 1:10,12), aka turned to law trying to be first and last.
2Peter 2:22 noted it happened, as a dog "turned" to his own vomit.
Such insight & research info is contrary to 
- the tradition of Revelation being written by John about AD90-95, and 
- the title in modern bibles being either The Revelation of Jesus Christ To St John or The Revelation of Jesus Christ,
and 
- the assumption John is author of Revelation (because 'John" occurs 5x therein). 
Yet, makes more sense than the view of so-called experts.
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 22:21 KJV
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

