---
title: "post 1584"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\October\post_1584.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2018
comments: 5
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:00:29.754048
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ------August2---9,-2---0------------18------
---

## Content

Eternal Life? 
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
After re-search these 4 biblical phrases, seems only 1 is our all truth::
- "everlasting life": OT phrase used in NT, but not after Rom 6
- "life everlasting": NT phrase (reverse of OT everlasting life)
- 
"life eternal": NT phrase (but also the reverse of eternal life)
- "eternal life": NT, what God promised to believe & "receive". 
Here's my findings; Not to suggest fault with any believers, but HELP increase our awareness, so we kNOW what we are:
- "everlasting life": WAS OT, in Daniel, then 7 times in John; Lastly Rom 6:22; But then contrasted with eternal life in Rom 6:23. So NEVER past Rom 6:22 & thereby NOT "eternal life".
- "life everlasting": WAS in NT (as reverse of everlasting life), occured 4 times in Lk 18:30, Jn 12:50, Gal 6:8, 1Tim 1:16; But NEVER past 1Tim 1:16. So also NOT yet "eternal life".
- "life eternal": WAS in NT (but as the reverse of eternal life), mentioned 4 times in Mt 25:46, Jn 4:36, Jn 12:25, Jn 17:3; But only by "Son of man" (not Son of God), as to why "Son of man" NEVER occurs beyond Acts. So also NOT eternal life.
-"eternal life": IS NT, as what God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began: Titus 1:2; As not only that true God's "promise" to believe, but also "receive": Heb 10:36, "after" we've done the will of God: "have mercy,and not sacrifice"; Because sacrifice, "for sin", is offered "by the law": Heb 10:8, and no man (not even JC) is justified "by the law": Gal 3:11.
NT "life everlasting" is reverse of OT "everlasting life", but still highminded mortal "incorruption", not higher "immortality". So 1Cor 15:53-57 says (both) this corruptible must put on incorruption AND this mortal must put on immortality, for all "death" to be deleted, by God given victory through J→C. It's like in 2Cor 3:5-11 both 2 ministrations of law "done away" x2, by 2 ministrations of grace, so law(death) no longer a "was".
SO we should notice, in Jn 3:14-16, "Son of man" refers to himself as "serpent" who must be lifted up, that whosoever believes in him should not perish, but have "eternal life". Yet in 3:16 believe in him, has "everlasting life" (not eternal life).
In Jn 17:2-4, Jesus 1st says the only true God sent only Jesus Christ (as only Son of God), to give only "eternal life"; But (John's account "Verily, verily" [Big, little] & in Jn 5:25-29 Jesus is 2Sons with 2Voices, as if "Master, master"), he then says "life eternal" after, as "this", as if reverse of eternal life.  
It's why I prefer Paul's eternal life mentions to John's eternal life mentions. For Bible end is Paul's grace token, not John's:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

