---
title: "post 2430"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\May\post_2430.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2022
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:58:28.331334
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: May---1---5----,--------2--02---2--
---

## Content

MASS SHOOTING: 10 dead: Buffalo, N.Y.
What is the root cause of such things?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Seems
Bible allegory portrays how the law (works wrath), if not put away to have grace and peace, can take a person captive, and make a person have an overwhelming evil desire to do the very things forbidden by law, such as thou shall not kill.
In Romans 7:8 KJV Paul refers to such as "concupiscence" of law, and in Colossians 3:2 calls it "evil [kakos] concupiscence". For in Rom 7:21 Paul noted that in law mode: when do law good [kalos], law evil [kakos] is also present. 
Law is both good [kalos] and evil [kakos].
But the good is conditional and the evil can be deadly.
Law works wrath: Romans 4:15.
Seems leaders saying 'rule of law' increases "law worketh wrath".
So it seems the root cause of mass shootings is "evil concupiscence" of law not put away to have grace and peace. Seems that evil aspect of law (is both good and evil) takes unaware people captive, makes them do horrible things, then hounds with guilt, to condemn, and even make suicidal as law punishment. 
What are your insights about the cause of mass shootings?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

