---
title: "post 1774"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\July\post_1774.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:37:08.886950
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ---M---ay--------31---,----2-0-1-9-
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
2 COMFORTERS: "Holy Ghost" -&- "Spirit of truth". WHY?
Romans 14:17 KJV says "righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost"; YET previously, in John 14 - 16 KJV, JC both revealed & contrasted 2 Comforters to be 1st & 2nd sent: 
- 
Comforter1: "Holy Ghost": John 14:26 KJV; And...
- Comforter2: "Spirit of truth": Jn 14:16,17; Jn 15:26; Jn 16:13.
But...
He also clarified of 1st & 2nd Comforters being sent; Only one, of such twain: "another Comforter": the "Spirit of truth": is who will "abide with you for ever": Jn 14:16,17. So then...
Comforter1: "Holy Ghost", is 1st, but only a temporal teacher. Comforter2: "Spirit of truth", 2nd later, is permanent. Why?
Seems why, as JC noted in Jn 14:26, "Holy Ghost" 1stly reminds you of things(plural) Jesus 1stly said: Both nice and nasty things said when in "under the law" mode (Gal 4:4); Which in Jn 5:25-29 was still 2 Sons with 2 contrary Voices:
OT "Son of man" Voice← & →NT "Son of God" Voice said:
"judgment also"(accuse)← & →"live"(not accuse: Jn 5:45).
If 2 live & judgment voices mingled, it makes an oxymoron. Seems why, on the cross, he twice refused "mingled" drink; And why, beyond Acts, NO Son of man, ONLY Son of God.
Seems why 2 Comforters, 1st & 2nd, is also this difference:
- Comforter1: "Holy Ghost": "teacher" = "walk before me" = schoolmaster "driven" unto (not yet into) Christ: Gal 3:24.
- Comforter2: "Spirit of truth": "guide" = "follow me" = "led" of "Spirit", and when then "in Christ" (is the end of the law).
Hmmm, seems purpose "driven" people in purpose "driven" churches thereby admit they are still Holy Ghost "driven"; As if not yet "led of the Spirit" = "guide" into "all truth" (no lie).
Seems why, in John 4:24, JC clarified this:
God is a "Spirit": and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.
Seems why, at "Penticost" in Acts 2:1-4 KJV the "Holy Ghost" came upon them, was because they were still assembling in "Solomon's porch" = law temple; As why they did nice & nasty things in Acts 2 - 5, lastly nasty, by kill (not forgive) Ananias & Sapphira, it brought "great fear" (not perfect love void of fear) upon all the church & upon many who heard of it: Acts 5:11.   
When I asked God why 2, I got this revelatory thought: If u walking thru a minefield still containing harmful hidden mines of past wars, which is a safer Comforter for you: "walk before me" or "follow me"? It helped me be only "led" of the "Spirit".
For me now, I try to observe without make any judgment:
- if friends rejoice by Holy Ghost, I rejoice, as been there.
- if friends rejoice by Holy Spirit, I again rejoice the more. 
Ph 4:4 Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice.
Hope info helps to edify all. Not posted to speak against any in Holy Ghost mode, but shared for awareness sake only.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

