---
title: "post 2224"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\October\post_2224.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2021
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:04:56.678738
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

PEACE: re "peace with God" & "peace of God" & "God of peace",
WHY do such phrases not occur until & only in Epistles of Paul?
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Let's notice for good tidings to "all people" Lk 2:10,11 had not said Jesus but "Christ" re a "Saviour" is born; And Lk 2:14 had said Glory to God in the "highest" (of high, higher, highest), and (as if only from there) "ON EARTH PEACE", good 
will toward men. 
BUT for "peace on earth" ...
"Jesus" pre-cross clarified in Mt 10:34 & Lk 12:51 he did not come to send nor to give "peace on earth", but rather a sword & division. So John 7:43, 9:16, 10:19 say division (not peace) because of him.
Notice even a post-cross "risen" Jesus of Nazareth still "upbraided" & "damned" in Mark 16:6-16... until in Mk 16:19 he got received into heaven and sat on the right hand of God. Only then did he return unto the same eleven he'd upbraided in Mk 16:14 to then say "Peace" in Lk 24:36 & Jn 20:19. YET...
for "peace with God", "peace of God", "God of peace"; Seems we have to go on to epistles of Paul, then called gospel of "Christ", and noted it's "through our Lord Jesus → Christ" that we be "in Christ". Paul defines "Christ" as end of the law for righteousness: Rom 10:4.  "Christ" is our peace who abolished the enmity: law: Eph 2:14,15.
So it's interesting to NOTICE these phrases "peace with God" & "peace of God" & "God of peace" do not occur until & only in the epistles of Paul; Which begin by greeting "Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ". Seems it takes pure Grace of God to then have lasting peace from Father & Son.
"Peace WITH God": Rom 5:1 is "through" Jesus → Christ. So eternal life as gift of God is "through" Jesus Christ in Rom 6:23.
"God OF peace":
Rom 15:33 (Now the God of peace be with you all. Amen)
Rom 16:20 (God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet)
1Cor 14:33 (God is not author of confusion, but "of peace")
Phil 4:9 (...and the God of peace shall be with you)
1Thess 5:23 (And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly)
Heb 13:20,21 (Now the God of peace ... make you perfect
"Peace OF God":
Phil 4:7 (peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus)
Col 3:15 (and let the peace of God rule in your hearts)
What are your insights about PEACE with God & PEACE of God, because that God being called God of PEACE (not of confusion)?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ (be/is) with you all. Amen.

