---
title: "post 3106"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\December\post_3106.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T20:49:30.403157
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: D--e-ce-m-b---e------r3---,-----20---------23--
---

## Content

WHY does KJV (King James Version) use both "Ghost" & "Spirit" for Greek word 'pneuma', sometimes in same verse?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
The KJV uses both "Ghost" & "Spirit" for Greek word 'pneuma'. Modern Bibles do not, having changed "Ghost" to "Spirit". 
So, 
let's investigate this.
In John 14:26 & 15:26 KJV Jesus noted two different Comforters to be sent: "Holy Ghost" & "Spirit of truth":
John 14:26 KJV (Holy Ghost):
But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost[pneuma], whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.
vs
John 15:26 KJV (Spirit of truth):
But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit[pneuma] of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:
Sometimes KJV uses both "Ghost" & Spirit" in same verse:
Luke 4:1 KJV (both)
And Jesus being full of the Holy Ghost[pneuma] returned from Jordan, and was led by the Spirit[pneuma] into the wilderness,
John 7:37-39 KJV (both)
In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, If any man thirst, let him come unto me, and drink. He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. (But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should receive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was not yet glorified.)
Acts 2:4 KJV (both)
And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.
Seems why KJV uses both "Ghost" & "Spirit" is to distinguish such, and thereby not contradict itself as modern Bibles do. In KJV it's blaspheme "Ghost" that is never forgivable, but God is "Spirit" forgives all. 
Matthew 12:32 KJV (blaspheme "Ghost" not forgiveable):
And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come.
And 
Mark 3:29 KJV (Blaspheme Ghost = never forgiveness):
But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation:
But 
God is "Spirit" (John 4:24) has forgiven you all:
Ephesians 4:32 KJV
And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you.
And 
Colossians 2:13 KJV
And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses;
So, by change "Ghost" to "Spirit" modern Bibles contradict themelves by say blapheme "Spirit" unforgiveable & forgiven.
What are your insights about KJV using both Ghost & Spirit?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen

