---
title: "post 1706"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\April\post_1706.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:39:36.746488
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ---Mar-c---h--1--0-,-----------2-01-----9
---

## Content

Why Paul's gospel of "Christ" is "THROUGH our Lord Jesus→Christ", then also "THROUGH Christ to God-ward" ...
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Let's Notice Paul's gospel of "God" & unashamed gospel of "Christ" is first "THROUGH our Lord Jesus→Christ", then also "THROUGH Christ to God-ward". Why? Here's some reasons:
- in 
Jesus mode (first made under the law: Gal 4:4) it was still Nay to peace & division: Mt 10:34; Lk 12:51; Jn 7:43. But in fwd Christ mode it's peace: Lk 24; Jn 20; Eph 2:15.
- in 2SonsJesus mode: NT Son of God + OT Son of man: John 5:25-29 it was still 2voices: "live" + "judgment also" (allegory grace + law also); Still both  good news + bad news also, by still being both Son of God + Son of man; 
But 
in 1SonChrist mode (Rom→fwd = NO more Son of man, ONLY Son of God), then only good news (Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus→Christ); No more both good news + bad news in 2SonsJesus mode.
- in Mark 16:14-18 (where still no mention of grace yet: none till LukeWarm) even a resurrected Jesus still "upbraided" + "damned"; Until in Mk 16:19 he re-ascended & sat on right hand of  "God" (not "Majesty" as in Heb 1:3,13 = still "enemies"). So then, in Lk 24 & Jn 20 he said "Peace". 
Yet...
Jesus is still both Son of God + Son of man in Mt-Acts; Not yet ONLY the Son of God in Romans→fwd. Hmmm
So, in Phil 2:5-11's CJ & JC (descended & ascended):
After every "knee" should first bow to highly exalted "Jesus", 
Also every "tongue" should confess "Jesus Christ" (grace & truth) is Lord, to the glory of the Father: Phil 2:10,11.
For in 2Cor 5:17 it's all things new (only) in "Christ" (of through our Lord Jesus→Christ), for then old things have passed.
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus→Christ" [be/is] with you all. Amen.

