---
title: "post 1512"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\July\post_1512.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2018
comments: 3
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:38:56.910564
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

New Covenant?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
I neither want to replace the Spirit of truth as your guide into all truth nor offend any new covenant believers; But for our  awareness sake share why even a new covenant may not yet be what's best for all of good, better, best=rest of the story.
No 
doubt a new covenant is Hebrews called "better" x6:
- "better covenant", in a
- "better testament", having
- "better hope", of a
- "better resurrection" via
- "better sacrifices", having
- "better promises"...
But there's problems to consider about a new covenant:
- it's still of an Old Testament LORD, which in Jeremiah 23:39 said He would forget and forsake you; And in Amos 5:18 the day[light] of this LORD is called darkness, and not light (perhaps allegory for it still being law, and not yet grace). In contrast 1John 1:5 says that God is light having no darkness; And that God said He would never leave nor forsake you. 
- it still has 2 houses: Israel & Juda; Whereas in contrast the house-hold of God should only be one house; For there is no respect of persons (no partiality) with God.
- it's spake by prophets in time past, yet Heb 1:1,2 notes God has not spake to us by prophets in time past, but by Son in last days. So by Son is not still 2SonsJesus in Mt-Acts, but 1SonChrist in Romans-fwd, where it's the gospel of Christ, who is the end of the law, not just mend of the law.
- it still puts laws of LORD  into plural hearts & plural minds of Israel. In contrast Heb 13:9 notes it's a good (aka God) thing that the heart be established "with grace" (not laws). 
- it's mediated by a new high priest: Christ Jesus , but there is no mention of priesthood for Juda; And Paul noted in 2Tim 3:12 all who will godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer. So even in Hebrews Paul turns Christ Jesus around to Jesus Christ, to end the epistle with only "Grace [be] with you all. Amen".
- mediation of a new covenant by a mediator "between" God and men is still mediation mode, and although being in Christ Jesus makes free of Law1 by Law2 (Rom 8:2), and also persuades the love of God is inseparable, it's not yet reconciliation mode nor is Law2 yet Grace.
So 2Cor 5:18 clarifies God hath reconciled us to hiimself by Jesus Christ (not Christ Jesus). For grace & truth came by Jesus Christ (Jn 1:17), and we are being made the righteousness of God  in him (aka in Christ mode of through our Lord Jesus Christ).
So I encourage new covenant believers to investigate these things, and feel free to discuss the points I mentioned. For I did not know such things until prompted of the Spirit to investigate the new covenant and see such for myself.
Yet, as Paul does in epistles, I quarantine my own writings about such between opening & closing grace; As if a PEP talk (Positive, Evaluate, Positive) to help  us end pure Positive.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

