---
title: "post 3338"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\May\post_3338.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T21:37:32.196256
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M-------ay--9-,---2----0-2---4-
---

## Content

Which one of these 4 phrases did the only true God, 
which cannot lie, promise before the world began?
- life eternal 
- everlasting life 
- life everlasting 
- 
eternal life
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Although Jesus mentioned all four of these "life" [zoe] phrases; Upon search, we find three of such four stop being mentioned:
"life eternal" (reverse of "eternal life") is mentioned about Son of man to come (as if a threat), who in Matthew 25:46 will offer "Life eternal" to sheeple in contrast to eternal punishment to goats.
But this phrase, used only 4x, ceases to be mentioned in John 17, when contrasted with "eternal life'.
"everlasting life", an Old Testament phrase (Daniel 12:2), is used 10x in NT, as in the popular John 3:16 KJV. 
But this phrase ceases being mentioned in Romans 6:22, when contrasted with "eternal life" in Romans 6:23.
"life everlasting" (NT reverse of OT "everlasting life"), used 4x, also ceases being mentioned in 1Timothy 1:16, as when contrasted with "eternal life" in 1Timothy 6:12.
"eternal life" does not occur in Old Testament, so also does not occur in Revelation. It NT occurs 26x, from Mt 19:16 to Jude 1:21 which says keep yourselves in the love of God looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.
"eternal life" is what the only true God sent Jesus Christ to give, noted in John 17, a "work" which Jesus Christ said he had "finished" doing before the cross.
This "eternal life" phrase is clarified in Romans 6:23 as the "gift" [charisma} of God through Jesus → Christ our Lord. 
In 1Timothy 6:12 KJV, lay hold on eternal life whereunto thou art "also called" suggests it is a higher calling than fight mode.
Titus 1:2 reveals "eternal life" is what God, which cannot lie, promised before the world began.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

