---
title: "post 2097"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\March\post_2097.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:43:06.426562
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ---Janua----r--y2--2-----------,20------2--1---
---

## Content

FAVOUR & GRACE are both 'charis' in NT Greek; BUT GRACE is so much more perhaps we shouldn't call "grace" undeserved "favour".
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Favour[charis] & Grace[charis] both occur in Luke - Acts (LukeWarm mode); But favour only 6x, last requested "against" to "kill": Acts 25:3. So favour never occurs again. In contrast grace occurs over 100x from Luke 2:40 to Revelation 22:21, 
never against. Grace is so much more, it may not be wise to call "grace" undeserved "favour". Favour tends to suggest partiality. Grace has no partiality. So we should let favour vanish away, like gnosis knowledge in 1Cor 13:8.
FYI: this dual aspect in Greek, for some English words, is also notable in KJV for "Ghost" & "Spirit" both mean 'pneuma'; But "God" is "Spirit" in John 4:24, and if led of the "Spirit" then not under the law: Gal 5. Seems "Holy Ghost" & "Spirit of truth": are 1st & 2nd Comforters to be sent, that Jesus mentioned in John 14 - 16 KJV, but when researched are as different as Ghost "driven" ("walk before me") & Spirit "led" ("follow me"). Holy "Ghost" had never forgiveness in Mt 12:32 & Mk 3:29. God is Spirit hath forgiven you.
A similar KJV dual aspect occurs for "love" & "charity". Both mean 'agape' in Greek; Yet in 1Cor 12:31 - 13:13 KJV it first notes there's a "more excellent way" about to be shewn, then defines it as "charity" in 1Cor 13, which many non-KJV users call the "love" chapter. Yet because Mt 24:12 noted love[agape] for many shall "wax cold", it seems a contradiction to 1Cor 13:8 say love never fails; But not a contradiction to 1Cor 13:8 KJV say "Charity never faileth". 
So it contrast reasons, 
of Ghost[pneuma1] & Spirit[pneuma2], only "Spirit of truth" will "guide you into all truth" as clarified in John 16:13 KJV. 
and
of love[agape1] & charity[agape2], only "charity" thinketh no evil in 1Cor 13:5 can be put on above forgiving in Colossians 3:14: KJV 
and
of favour[charis1] & grace[charis2], only "grace" endures to the end
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

