---
title: "post 1876"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\December\post_1876.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2019
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:07:17.618184
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -D----------e-ce-m--b-----er9,-20-1----9-------
---

## Content

Jesus? In Matthew→Acts he's not yet only 1 Son Christ of through Jesus→Christ. Let's see how this is made known:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Not to speak against Jesus, but aware Jesus is not yet fully Christed when still Son of man, prophet of Nazareth, good Shepherd, or even a risen Jesus of Nazareth in Mt→Acts.
In 
Mt 10:34 & Lk 12:51 he's "Nay" to peace on earth, and in Jn 7:43 there's still "division" (not peace), and "because of him".
In Mt 21:11 at a Palm Sunday entrance into Jerusalem he's "the prophet of Nazareth" ("prophet" like Moses in Dt 18:15); Then tosses tables, name calls, accuses, threatens greater damnation (not salvation), and prophecies sorrows to begin.
In Mk 16:6-18, even as risen "Jesus of Nazareth" he still both "upbraided" apostles for unbelief & "damned" unbelievers.
In Lk 13:32 he noted when still cast out devils & do cures, that he was not yet perfected, but shall be a third day. But in Mk 16, even as risen Jesus of Nazareth, still third day "damned".
In Jn 3:14-16 as Son of man speaking he called himself "serpent", then reversed NT→"eternal life" bwd to OT←"everlastintg life".
In Jn 5:25-29 revealed when he's still 2 Sons: 
NT→Son of God & OT←Son of man, he still had 2 contrary voices saying both "live"→&←"judgment also"; As if still both grace→&←law also, which is still new→&←old also.
In Jn 10:10 says he came not as a thief steals, kills, destroys, like all that ever came before him were thieves & robbers, but to give more abundant life['zoe', not soulish 'psyche' life]; Yet 10:11 calls himself good[kalos = law, not agathos = grace] Shepherd, and in 10:15-18 notes the life[psyche] he lays down for the sheep and takes up again is like unto Adam1 = living soul[psyche], not Adam2 = quickening spirit. Hmmm.
Even Acts 7:55,56 still speaks of both higher "heaven" glory and lower "heavens" (plural), both Jesus & Son of man seen therein, and both still "standing" (not seated as Christ). So...
Beyond LukeWarm Acts, in Rom→fwd, NO more mention of favour (only grace), NOR of Nazareth, NOR of Son of man, ONLY Son of God, then called the gospel of "Christ", and notably of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ" = end of f-law.  
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

