---
title: "post 3196"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3196.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:07:39.315673
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Biblical CONTRASTS
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Old Testament & New Testament.
Law 
& prophets vs Grace & peace. 
The law was given by Moses,
but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.
OT LORD [Yehova] & NT God [Theos].
(darkness, not light & light, not darkness.
Amos 5:18 KJV & 1John 1:5 KJV
allegory: law, not grace & grace, not law).
Old Covenant & New Covenant (for Israel).
Law: ministration of condemnation.
Grace: ministration of righteousness.
Law: ministration of death.
Grace: ministration of Spirit.
The letter killeth, but the Spirit giveth life: 2Cor 3.
Son of man & Son of God.
as if law threats & grace comfort.
note: No Son of man mentioned beyond Acts.
The wages of sin is death,
but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus→Christ our Lord.
Knowledge [gnosis] puffeth up & shall vanish away: 1Cor 8:1, 13:8.
Knowledge [epignosis] of the truth is what God our Saviour will have all men come unto: 1Timothy 2:4.
God has not given us the spirit of fear (hath torment),
but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind: 2Timothy 1:7.
God has not appointed us to (law worketh) wrath,
but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ.
God is not the author of confusion,
but (the author) of peace: 1Cor 14:33.
Put off the OLD MAN things.
Put on the NEW MAN things: Colossians 3.
Word [rhema] of God & Word [logos] of God.
Ephesians 6:17 & Hebrews 4:12.
anthropos man & aner man.
Romans 3:4 & Romans 4:8.
strepho converted: Matthew 18:3.
epistrepho converted: Luke 22:32.
heavens on high & higher than the heavens.
Christ Jesus & Jesus Christ.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

