---
title: "post 1883"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\December\post_1883.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:09:06.692293
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ----No----------ve-mb--e--r---9----,----201-9--
---

## Content

Them/Us? Seems in biblical allegoric mystery there's not only 2 kinds of "them", but even 3 kinds of "us". Let's investigate:
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
- them1 (many Jesus only spake to in parables) & them2 (few disciples Jesus gave more under-standing to). Yet he also upbraided both kinds; And both before & after the cross. 
- 
Hebrews 10:39 also allegory describes 2 kinds of "them": we are not of "them"1 who draw←back unto perdition, but of "them"2 that→believe to the saving of the soul. Yet Heb 7:26 
previously said such a high priest (CJ) became "us"; As if in 2 them→us heavens on high, to also get made "higher than heavens", As if also a God-ward "us-ward", so none perish.
- 2Cor 5, in greek, has 3 kinds of "us": hemas, hemin, hemon. Hmmm. Seems God first reconciled "us" to himself by Jesus Christ (grace & truth), to give "us" the ministry of reconcilition (for others), then "in Christ" (of thru J→C = end of flawing) continued reconcling the world (all) unto himself, by not law impute their tresspases to "them". For 
where & when no law, there & then no transgression nor sin.
- seems as if 2 kinds of us-ward: 1stly fwd them→us-ward, then also an up-ward us-ward above them/us duality mode. Perhaps why Paul used 2 kinds of "through": 1stly "through" our Lord Jesus→Christ to be "in Christ" mode, then also said "through" Christ→ to God-ward, for all in Christ mode.
- seems an allegoric mystery story of them1→them2, then of them2 a further fwd them→us on-going, yet even then also us1→us2→us3 up-grades to be 3rd of 3; Perhaps until it's all only just us, no more them perceived, only ALL are ONE. 
Interesting biblical mystery stuff to notice, ponder, discuss, unto the end of the story, which has no mention of f-law to any, nor of any them/us dualism or partiality:
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/IS] with you ALL. Amen.

