---
title: "post 1611"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\November\post_1611.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2018
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:10:56.791921
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -Oct----o----b-e--r-----1-9------,-----2--01--8
---

## Content

Mystery of why KJV Bible uses "love" & "charity" for 'agape'?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
As "love" (lower agape1) is excellent, like "God" is "love", KJV uses "love" for agape; But then, in 1Cor 13 KJV uses "charity" (higher agape2) to describe a "more excellent" way; Allegory as "more" excellent than (God is) love; And because charity "thinketh no evil" (no reverse of "live"): no evil (no 
law flaw) thought of any, neither to punish nor even to forgive... 
So excellent God (love) forgives you all (Eph 4:32; Col 2:13), yet in Col 3:12-15 (more excellent) "charity" (agape2) can be put on "above" forgiving (above 7 things); Allegory as "Father" in Eph 4:4-6 is "above" 7 things, even above "God". Yet...
Father, as 8th, is 3 things: above all & through all & in you all. 
Charity, as 8th, also called 3rd of 3 things: faith, hope, charity.
So if "Father" is "in you all" it reasons fail-u-are is not even  plausible. So "charity never faileth" is allegory like saying the grace of Father is in you & will "never" leave nor forsake you. 
Seems the allegory love & charity difference is this:
- love (agape1) was/is still a "commandment" (rule), but 
- charity (agape2) doesn't command, rather as higher grace it awares with truth till you no longer need to be commanded.
So 1Tim 1:5 KJV says Now the end of the commandment (love one another) is charity.
- Mt 24:12 said love of many shall wax cold (of cold, LukeWarm, hot) when iniquity shall abound; as lovers divorce & God lovers end relationships due to problems not resolved.
- 1Cor 13:7 said charity endureth all things, so charity works through all the problems.
So KJV, as a more excellent translation, uses charity as a more excellent way, to help, get beyond love commandments, and get above forgiving, by think no evil to even forgive.
The (higher) grace of our (ascended) Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

