---
title: "post 2932"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\July\post_2932.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2023
comments: 4
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T18:13:41.113844
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery Question: 1Corinthians 15:
Is "Christ" last "Adam" or even more than last Adam?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Let's consider this in 1Cor 15:22,
it contrasts "Adam" & "Christ",
NOT first man "Adam" & last "Adam".
1Cor 15:22 KJV
For as in Adam all die,
even so in Christ shall all be made alive.
note: as in "Adam" all die: could then include both in first man "Adam" and in last "Adam", two "soul" & "spirit" kinds of "Adam" which are also contrasted in 1Cor 15:45-48...
1Corinthians 15:45-48 KJV
And so it is written, 
The first man [anthropos] Adam was made a living soul [psyche]; the last Adam was made a quickening spirit [pneuma]. 
Howbeit that was not first which is spiritual, but that which is natural; and afterward that which is spiritual. The first man is of the earth, earthy: the second man [anthropos] is the Lord from heaven.
first man[anthropos] Adam was 'anthropos' in Greek, 
last "Adam" = second man[anthropos] also. BUT,
Rom 3:4 said let EVERY man[anthropos] = liar.
In contrast:
"Christ" is called perfect man[aner] in Eph 4:13.
So then, it could seem "Christ" is as 3rd of 3:
first "Adam" → last "Adam" → "Christ",
first anthropos → second anthropos → aner man,
all die → all die → all made alive in "Christ".
Seems "in Christ" is as "through" Jesus → Christ,
perhaps allegory as if 
through 2SonsJesus → 1SonChrist.
Son of man & Son of God → ONLY Son of God.
note:
no mention of Son of man in Romans → forward,
for the gospel of "Christ" through Jesus → Christ.
Seems even when upgraded from "soul" to "spirit",
there can still be 
both "spirit of truth" and "spirit of error" in "spirit" mode,
UNTIL 
BIG "Spirit of truth" guides "spirit" into all truth = no error.
hope that made some sense
interesting "mystery" details to notice, ponder, discuss.
(note: every good mystery has lots of twists to sort out)
The (pure) grace of our Lord Jesus → Christ be with you all. Amen.

