---
title: "post 1688"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\April\post_1688.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:34:46.795593
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
ALLness? All is All Inclusive, yes; Yet has 3 biblical aspects:
1. Law ALLness: Both Jews & Gentiles ALL under sin, NONE righteous, ALL guilty: Rom 3:9,10,19; Gal 3:11 "by the law".
2. 
Grace ALLness: ALL saved "by grace" through Lord J→C.
3. Truth ALLness (fulness of Christ AND fulness of God): ALL come in unity of faith and of knowledge of the "Son" of God: Eph 4:13... "God" our Saviour will have ALL saved AND come unto the knowledge(epignosis) of the truth: 1Tim 2:4. Why?
Law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by JC;
Yet for truth "knowledge" of our Lord Jesus Christ, 2 kinds:
- 'gnosis' knowledge all have shall vanish away: 1Cor 8:1;13:8.
- 'epignosis' knowledge for all saved to also come "unto"; As  "unto" eternal life: Rom 5:21b & as "unto" perfection: Heb 6:1, by leave all 6 principles of the doctrine of Christ, of thru J→C.
So JC noted 3 aspects about being "I am" in John 14:6.
"I am" = the way (1/3), the truth (2/3), AND the life (3/3).
Then in John 16:6-13 noted both "the truth", and "ALL truth".
Seems why Paul noted forward & upward modes of "through":
- forward "through our Lord Jesus→Christ", to be "in Christ".
- also upward "through Christ to God-ward", to be reconciled. 
Yes, Rom 5:18 noted by JC (free gift) of righteousness came upon ALL men unto justification of "life"; Yet Rom 6:23 further clarified the (freely given) "gift" of "God" is "eternal life", As...
- not NT reversed "life eternal" by Son of man ends in Jn 17:3.
- nor OT "everlasting life" also used in NT ends in Rom 6:22.
- not yet even NT "life everlasting" also ends in 1Tim 1:16;
But "eternal life" promised by "God", that "cannot lie": Tit 1:2.
It makes "AND the life" ONLY "eternal life" being "ALL truth".
Yet here's a mind blowing mystery: last mention of "eternal life" in Jude 1:21b says keep looking for the "mercy" (not sacrifice) of "our" Lord Jesus Christ "unto eternal life". So I looked, and shockingly found no "mercy" in John, nor in 1John, nor in Revelation(also has no "eternal life"). Hmmm.
Where then is the mercy of our Lord JC unto eternal life?
I humbly admit still being guided into all truth by Spirit of truth.
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus Christ" [be/is] "with" you "all". Amen.

