---
title: "post 3265"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\March\post_3265.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T20:49:40.179501
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Ma------rc---h-10,----------2--0--2-----4
---

## Content

word "WORST": does NOT occur in New Testament,
Only once in backward-time Old Testament 
Ezekiel 7:24←BC.
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Have 
you noticed 
a lot of things reported in news & weather since Y2Ks are media called 'WORST' (eg: worst flood, worst storm, worst mass murder, worst humanitarian crisis, etc); Along with death tolls.
 But 
"WORST" does not occur in forward New Testament AD, 
only once in backward Old Testament Ezekiel 7:24 ← BC;
Where it says 
OT LORD [Yehova], not God, will bring "WORST.
Then Ezekiel 7:25 says there will be no peace to even seek.
Ezekiel 7:24, 25 KJV
Wherefore I (the LORD: Ez 7:1) will bring the WORST of the heathen, and they shall possess their houses: I will also make the pomp of the strong to cease; and their holy places shall be defiled.
Destruction cometh; and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none.
So, perhaps such 'WORST' now mentioned in AD → NT by both news and weather media is due to 
backward LAW←Law (BEAST1←Beast2: Rev 13), 
backward←thinking called drawback unto perdition: Heb 10:39,
perhaps due to many world leaders saying 'rule of law',
instead of say NT → Grace, Mercy, Peace from God & Son.
For in NT, where it's AD time → it should only go one way, 
forward through Jesus → Christ unto Christ is end of law, 
then also through Christ to God-ward, which is up-ward.
Thank God in The End: Revelation 22:21 KJV, already written, 
and notably is only the grace salutation of Paul (never of John),
which Paul thrice noted he always penned with his "own hand", 
even a worse case apocalypse scenario ends well for you all: 
"The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus → Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen".

