---
title: "post 1492"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\June\post_1492.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:33:23.547515
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --Ma-y------1-2-,------201--8------
---

## Content

lower/Higher Grace & Truth? When I humbly asked God for His wisdom, By revelations from Spirit, I began perceiving even Grace & Truth may have lower/Higher aspects only Spirit properly explains. My humble attempt ... 
in lower grace & truth mode, as if double-minded duality, seems there's still both law/grace & lie/truth to allegory contrast; Yet as if only for our learning, to help increase our awareness of: Also a Higher calling...
in 
Higher Grace & Truth, One-ness having no more double-minded duality, Then  "all grace" & "all truth", of "the God of all grace" & of the "Spirit of truth" sent to guide us into "all truth"; As no more law flaw, by no more lie to believe; To replace lower confusion with God's Higher peace.
For me, when I humbly asked God what my problem was, His non-accusing & awaring Spirit revealed i was still being law/grace & lie/truth double-minded; Yet revealed in a way having no accusation nor condemnation; Only for awareness sake, and seems only because I had humbly asked.
Seems Higher God, than I'd perceived, is so Gracious He won't force Himself on any, but patiently waited for me to ask, only observing, not interferring, till I spit out my pride & humbly asked; As if in hide mode, Also to be realized, yet not just by seek & find, but Also by ask & receive His wisdom.
Seems mystery of God can only be revealed & solved with God's help. For my own attempt at solve the mystery failed. Seems God designed it this way, knowing I'd fail, and then humbly ask for His gracious help in my time of need, which I finally did...
I then began to realize I needed God's Spirit help to stop being double-minded, because a double-minded man can be un-stable in all his plural ways. It helped explain why I'd suffered a decade of bi-polar dis-order: Yet not for punishement, rather only for my learning sake, to learn it was my own ignorant judge-mental legalism causing my suffering. Oops.
I'm still learning, by gracious, merciful help of the Spirit, to be more peaceful. For even when I'd received an abundance of revelations, to perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle me, by the God of all grace, noted in 1Peter 5:10, I still had some imp-atience, became impatient with others; And this little bit of impatience began to un-sttle my settled mode. Oops.
I didn't quite yet fully realize there's even more yet I had to learn, so many aspects to Higher Spirit-u-ally realize & also apply. Seems why, is even a little leaven not yet put away, may leaven the whole of God's Higher heaven.

