---
title: "post 0500"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2015\August\post_0500.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2015
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T12:20:51.210297
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

PEACE & VICTORY THRU JESUS→CHRIST→↑GOD-WARD↑.
For 2SonsJesus didn't bring peace, but Them1←vs→Them2.
We are OF Them2, Yet we = neither of 2Thems in 1SonChrist.
We fwd upgrade from BetterLaw of BetterThem to Grace→Us.
Then we ALSO ↑UpGrace↑ from Grace-Us to ↑Harmless-Us↑.
BIBLICAL DETAILS OF ↑reconciled↑
through Jesus→Christ→↑God-ward↑
Believe→KnowTheTruth→↑AllTruth↑:
- Luke 2:11-14 KJV's heralding of "on earth peace" = "good will toward men"  is notably about "Christ" of Jesus→Christ in Mt 1.
- Matthew 1 clarified the "generation" (genesis) of Jesus Christ:
-- is not like the "generations"(genealogies) of either of 2Adams,
-- so it neither begins with any Adam nor ends with any Jesus,
-- but begins with Abraham, thru David→Solomon(not Nathan),
-- and goes on thru 2SonsJesus=seeds to 1SonChrist="seed".
-- A singular generation of Jesus→Christ goes on "unto Christ".
- Luke 12:51 clarified Jesus did NOT bring peace, but division.
- Mark 4:11 clarified Jesus divided Them into Them1/Them2,
noting Them1=Out-Siders vs Them2=In-Siders, yet still Them.
- John 7:43 noted there was division=NotPeace among them.
- 1Cor 14:33 notes God is not author of confusion, but peace.
So even though grace & truth came BY Jesus Christ: John 1:17, 
it's ALSO noted peace & victory are THROUGH Jesus→Christ;
For 2SonsJesus: "Master, master" IsNot 1SonChrist: "Master",
as noted in Mattwew 6:24...23:10 unto the Luke 8:24 disciples.
For God has ONLY one "Son": John 3:16, and
salvation of the world is notably "through him": John 3:17,
which is further clarified as "through his name": John 20:31,
and is further clarified as "through Jesus→Christ": Romans x7.
So 1Cor15:57 notes God given victory is THRU Jesus→Christ.
For Jesus is only Saviour of Israel, by the mend of the law;
But Christ is "Saviour of the world", by the end of the law.
Such is clarified in John 4:42... Acts 13:23 ... 1John 4:14.
So we firstly go THROUGH Jesus→Christ to be "in Christ",
Then in that Christ of false/true Christs we grow ↑God-ward↑.
For ThatGod only reconciles us to himself InTruth of lie/truth;
And Son of man='anthropos' = "liar", clarified in Romans 3:4;
And KnowTruth makes Son of man's Matthew 25:31-46=Lie.
So then, "one like Son of man" (such-like noted in Gal 5:21)
in Daniel 7:13 & in Revelation 1:13 = LIAR in Romans 3:4. So
Numbers 23:19 said: God is not a man that he should lie(law),
Neither the son of man that he should repent(change). 
So by Son of man (nasty law Jesus), who has partiality, and by one like Son of man we get a distorted reverse picture of God.
So 
John 8:30→32 says upgrade from Believe→ to KnowTheTruth,
to be FREE of believe erroneous things about God like Jews;
AND
John 16:7→↑13↑ says UpGrace from TheTruth→ to ↑AllTruth↑,
and b/c even TheTruth = 2/3 = 0.666 (NothingYet) in 
John 14:6's TheWay(1/3)→TheTruth(2/3)→↑TheLife↑.
So even if you have TheTruth it's still NotYet ↑AllTruth↑.
It's like "ALMOST" purged is NotYet TOTALLY purged.

