---
title: "post 3458"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\August\post_3458.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T00:59:23.685743
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Why did Jesus call his mother "Woman"?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
John 2:3,4
And 
when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine. Jesus saith unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come.
John 19:26,27
When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son! Then saith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother! And from that hour that disciple took her unto his own home.
Luke 8:19-21 (Mt 12:46-50; Mk 3:31-35)
Then came to him his mother and his brethren, and could not come at him for the press. And it was told him by certain which said, Thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to see thee. And he answered and said unto them, My mother and my brethren are these which hear the word of God, and do it.
Notes:
Seems by calling his mother "Woman", it takes away the diety aspect some attribute to Mary. 
Galatians 4:4 notes when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law.
Perhaps (?),
as in 1Timothy 2:14, it notes 
"And Adam was not deceived, but the "woman" being deceived was in the transgression", 
by calling his mother "woman" he suggests Mary got duped?
What are your insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

