---
title: "post 2404"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\April\post_2404.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2022
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:52:33.734129
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ----M---ar-c-h-----2---1--,--20------2-2-
---

## Content

And this is LIFE ETERNAL (reverse of ETERNAL LIFE) ~John 17:2,3
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Let's notice
"life eternal" only occurs only 4x (Mt 25:46; Jn 4:36, 12:25, 17:3), and  when contrasted with "eternal life", as in John 17:2 & 3, then mention of "life eternal" ends. Then only "eternal life" occurs.
John 
17:2,3
As thou (Father) hast given him (Son) power over all flesh, that he should give ETERNAL LIFE to as many as thou hast given him.
And this is LIFE ETERNAL, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ , whom thou hast sent.
For God which cannot lie promised "eternal life": Titus 1:2.
"life eternal" is what "Son of man" (not Son of God) offers sheep of goats/sheep division in Mt 25:31-46. 
"eternal life" is what Son of God gives as the gift of God: Rom 6:23.
Seems LIFE ETERNAL is not ETERNAL LIFE,
or we could allegory say this is not that,
or this world of duality is not our true reality.
UNTO ETERNAL LIFE
Romans 5:21
That as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign through righteousness UNTO ETERNAL LIFE by Jesus Christ our Lord.
Jude 1:21
Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ UNTO ETERNAL LIFE.
What are your insights about "life eternal" & "eternal life"?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

