---
title: "post 1044"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\February\post_1044.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2017
comments: 5
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-12T19:28:26.169174
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace Inspiration: Spiritual Allegory meaning(s) of "SIN NO MORE":
(a l-o-n-g detailed post, but worthy of consideration & discussion)
First there's 2 stories in John 5 & 8, both culminating with Jesus telling Them: imp-otent man & adult-eress woman: "sin no more". 
Reason John 5's story comes 1st is this: an impotent man (long  suffering 38 yrs as 'anthropos' man = f-law man), who wanted help into troubled water (law), wasn't, but made whole (grace) instead. When later found back in temple (aka law) was told, when you're made whole (grace), stay out of law, lest a worse thing happen. He departed from the law temple. 
So then, "sin no more" was spiritual "allegory" for law no more. 
Eg: Paul says, in Galatians 4, such things are an "allegory". So re  "sin no more" being allegory for law no more, connect these dots:
- "whatsoever is NOT OF FAITH is sin": Romans 14:23 KJV
- "and the law is NOT OF FAITH": Galatians 3:12 KJV
2nd story, in John 8, noted Jesus had to stoop & write on ground x2, then rise up x2, to clear the room (perhaps Solomon's porch of law temple) of all the adult-eress woman's potential stone throwing (law throwing) accusers & condemners; Lastly telling her (but only upon being twice risen): neither do I (grace & truth) condemn (law) thee, go and "sin no more" (aka law no more when not condemned)...
Kinda explains why, in Acts 2-5, apostles still did both good & nasty things like kill (not forgive) Ananias & Sapphira, thereby bringing "great fear" (not perfect love void of fear nor pure grace void of law) on the whole church & them who heard about it. Such was because they went back to & assembled in "Solomon's porch" of law temple, and law still had unpardonable sin (Mt 12:32; Mk 3:29; Lk 12:10)... 
Then the NT narrative goes on tell how Saul becomes Paul; But not yet in Acts 9 at his Damascus road experience; Nor yet in Acts 11 where they were first called plural "Christians" at Antioch; But only in Acts 13. Yet Paul still undergoes many trials & afflictions on his journeys, and in Acts 26 still can't fully persuade Agrippa to be a "Christian", only "almost", because he's still in bonds as CJ Paul. He later becomes JC Paul, to then write more NT than all others...  
Yet there's more to it, AFTER & ALSO: 
AFTER 2 stories in John 5 & 8 of Jesus 1st telling Them: imp-otent man & adult-ery woman "sin no more" (allegory: law no more); We have 2 mentions in Paul's epistles of such (sin no more: aka law no more) ALSO being spiritual allegory for:
- be no more children x2: 1Cor 14:20 & Eph 4:14, and
- be no more highminded x2: Rom 11:20 & 1Tim 6:17
Why be no more children x2?
- it's in "malice" (aka law) that adults still be children: 1Cor 14:20, so Paul told childish Corinthians in 1Cor 13:11 when he became a man ('aner', who's head is Christ: 1Cor 11:3, thereby the end of the law: Rom 10:4) he then put away childish things (aka laws); And
in Eph 4, also
- tells childish Ephesians (adults still giving place to d-evil = law), to "be no more children"... "grow up" unto fulness of Christ = perfect man ('aner': then graceful, merciful, peaceful). So they needed to put away things like "malice": Eph 4:31. For in Gal 4 Paul noted a child differs nothing from a servant; Which things are an allegory. 
Point: it's not a compliment in Gal 3:26 to call them "children" of God; For God said let us "make man" (not children, nor create 'anthropos" man = childish); And when proper man ('aner') then put away childish things (aka laws): 1Cor 13:11. For even if still an 'anthropos' man, it's still like lawed-grace = childish-adult.
To help get it, aka understand more clearly, connect these dots:
- Our Father...deliver us from EVIL: Mt 6:13 & Lk 11:4 KJV.
- We are delivered from the LAW: Romans 7:6 & Col 1:13 KJV
Why be no more highminded x2?
- long story short, in 2Timothy 3:1-5 KJV's list of perilous kinds of people to also turn away from in last days (of TimePast/LastDays: Heb 1:1,2), notice "highminded" is therein 2Tim 3:1-5 listed among "unholy"; For highminded law people, being both good + evil (aka  double-minded sweet + bitter) are still both holy + unholy.
So it's allegory as if spiritual adult-ery (even spiritual wickedness in high places) to claim to be espoused (as if married) to his Grace when spiritual of natural/spiritual, but then still be found whoring with Law, perhaps even NT Better Law (isn't yet Grace). 
Eg: Rom 7:1-4 (marriage allegory) notes old husband (law) has to be dead to be married to Christ (of J→C = the end of the law), else it's as if adult-ery. Hebrews 9:16,17 also notes law has to be dead testator for grace to be of full force.
For me, it's been like allegory going through 3 phases, to then be the 3rd of 3 things; kinda allegory like Paul had 3 phases:
LawPharisee Saul → BetterLaw CJ Paul → Grace-us J→C Paul.
OT Law → NT Better Law → NT Pure Grace has no more  f-law. 
May you all grow in grace of Christ til it's unto the God of all grace.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] WITH you all. Amen.

