---
title: "post 3661"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2025\January\post_3661.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2025
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T20:24:13.124544
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

LOVE & GRACE? 
Both are of God; Yet is Grace perhaps more than love and perhaps the source of inseparable love of God in Christ?
Let's investigate...
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Reason for my odd question (only for investigation) is this: 
If love is all we need, then why does bible say "grace and truth" came by Jesus Christ? 
and 
free gift of righteousness to all is "by grace"?
and 
all are saved "by grace"? 
As if to portray the word of truth and the word of reconciliation is grace?
Your thoughts about both Love & Grace of God are welcome.
Of 7 kinds of NT love (in Greek), best of 7 is 'agape'; Yet why did Jesus say in Mt 24:12 the love(agape) of many shall wax cold? 
And 
why did 1John 4 note God is love(agape), yet also allude that love(agape) needs perfecting until it is void of all fear, and only then called perfect love(agape)?
Why is love always a "commandment"? 
Seems "Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ" (Romans→fwd) is not like a commandment, but more like awareness of truth until we no longer need to be commanded.
Seems bible allegory portrays love as excellent, but grace agape called charity in KJV as "a more excellent way"; 
As if even more ONEderful than WONDERful love.
Why does Paul both begin and end his epistles with grace?
Why no throne of love, but a "throne of grace" in Heb 4:16?
Why does Heb 13:9b say it is a good (God) thing that the "heart" be established "with grace" (not just with love)?
Why is there a "God of all grace" in 1Pet 5:10?
Why does 2Pet 3:18 say "grow in grace"?
Why does biblical end not even mention love, only "grace"?
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

