---
title: "post 3198"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3198.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:08:04.729409
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Something in Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, Acts, 
that is NOT in Paul's Epistles is Good News.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
What's in Mt, Mk, Lk, Jn, Acts; 
But is NOT in the Epistles is 
mention of Son of man, which is good news; 
For 
with mention of Son of man came threats of coming with clouds to bring division (Mt 25:32), everlasting punishment (Mt 25:46), destruction (Luke 17:27,29), judgment [krisis]: (John 5:27), mourning (Mt 24:30), global wail (Revelation 1:7), all sorts of bad (law) things, both good and bad news which ends badly.
So, it is good news that there is NO mention of Son of man, 
ONLY mention of Son of God, beyond Acts in the Epistles.
For 
By no mention of Son of man, it essentially nullifies all the bad things threatened to come via Son of man in Matthew to Acts. 
Only then, when no more mention of Son of man, 
in Romans→forward, we then hear this (holy kiss) greeting:
Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
note:
that's not law, nor law and grace, but only Grace to you,
and it's not confusion, but peace to you from God of peace.
That makes the gospel of "Christ" in Paul's Epistles good news having no bad news attached, by having no Son of man mention. 
So then we hear not under the law, but under grace,
as if not under good & bad news, but under good news.
It's like having journeyed 
THROUGH our Lord Jesus → Christ = the end of the law,
THROUGH 2 Sons Jesus → to 1 Son Christ = all things new,
THROUGH salvation and destruction → to grace and peace.
Peace with God = THROUGH Jesus → Christ: Romans 5:1.
God gifted eternal life THROUGH Jesus → Christ: Rom 6:23.
God given victory THROUGH Jesus → Christ: 1Cor 15:57.
The grace of our Lord Jesus → Christ be with you all. Amen.

