---
title: "post 2500"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\August\post_2500.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2022
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T15:19:56.735704
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Adam Ross Myers
---

## Content

APPEARING [epiphaneia] of JESUS CHRIST: What does it mean?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Appearing [epiphaneia] does not portray a literal appearance, but a further mindset change from CHRIST JESUS to JESUS CHRIST mode. We see this evidenced in 1Tim 6:13,14 & 2Tim 1:9,10.
1Timothy 6:13,14 (change from CJ to JC)
 13 I give thee charge in the sight of God, who quickeneth all things, and before CHRIST JESUS, who before Pontius Pilate witnessed a good [kalos] confession;
14 That thou keep this commandment without spot, unrebukeable, until the APPEARING [epiphaneia] of our Lord JESUS CHRIST:
2Timothy 1:9,10 (change from CJ to JC)
God...9 Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in CHRIST JESUS before the world began,
10 But is now made manifest by the APPEARING [epiphaneia] of our Saviour JESUS CHRIST, who hath abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the gospel:
What most bible readers do not notice re Paul, is in Acts, after Saul changed to Paul, then Paul had a further change from "Christ Jesus" mode in 19:4 to "Jesus Christ" mode in 28:31. 
Then, in epistles, Paul 1st clarifies he's now in "Jesus Christ" mode, greets with grace & peace from God & JC, then always turns mention of CJ around to JC, even in 
Hebrews = "Christ→Jesus": 1 - 9 & "Jesus→Christ": 10 - 13. 
It's really noticeable in Philippians:
Phil 1:1...6 To saints in CJ ... God will perform until day of JC.
Phil 2:5-11 begin: CJ ... end JC is Lord to glory of God the Father.
So then, 
what does further change from CJ to JC mode allegory mean?
Seems John 1:17 contrasted Moses' law vs JC's grace & truth.
Seems 1Tim 6:13 notes CJ witnessed a good [kalos] confession before Pilate. Hmmm. Seems Jesus noted only one, that is God, is good [agathos]. Seems law good=kalos, grace good=agathos. It kinda makes CJ mode as if better law mode, not yet full grace.
Romans 8:2 portrays only change of law to better law in CJ mode:
law2: law of Spirit of (more abundant) life in CJ 
made me free from law1: law of sin and death.
Seems as if change from death row prison to halfway house, to then also further change from better law mode to grace mode. 
Seems CJ only occurs from Acts 19:4 to 1Pet 5:14, and is only used by Paul 55x & Peter 2x, then never occurs past 1Pet 5:14. In contrast JC occurs 196x from Mt 1:1 to Rev 22:21. Of CJ & JC, only JC = the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever: Heb 13:8.
What are your insights about APPEARING of JESUS CHRIST?
The end to endure unto mentions only JESUS CHRIST:
The grace of our Lord JESUS CHRIST be with you all. Amen. 
Daniel Miles

