---
title: "post 2628"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\January\post_2628.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2023
comments: 2
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-06T18:18:00.077803
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Lord's Prayer ?
Comparing Matthew 6 (Law)  Prayer vs Luke 11 (Grace) Prayer
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
What 
many Bible readers do not notice is that there is no mention of grace yet in Matthew or Mark, grace is not yet mentioned until Luke 2:40. So it allegory makes Matthew & Mark as if still OT law and prophets mode, or still cold mode of 3 seek & find modes:
cOLD←>LukeWarm→Hot.
It's why, in Mt 12:32 & Mk 3:29, Jesus notes there can be never forgiveness in law mode, or as in Mt 18:23-35 law forgiven, plus unforgiven and tormented for not forgiving.
So 
the Matthew 6 (Law) Prayer says forgive us "AS WE FORGIVE" (aka if not, then not, as noted in Mt 6:14,15 PS to this prayer). That's as if asking for conditional forgiveness, and such not being merciful. 
So
Jesus gives a PS to aware that in law mode it's you must first forgive all men all things, else you cannot be Law God forgiven.
Matthew 6:14,15 (PS re forgive us AS WE FORGIVE):
For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you:
But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses. 
In CONTRAST:
there is "grace" mentioned in Luke 2:40 (as if then beyond cold mode to LukeWarm mode),
and Luke 6:36 says be ye therefore as "merciful" as your Father;
So
Luke 11 (Grace) Prayer says forgive us our sins, FOR WE "ALSO" FORGIVE EVERY ONE (aka all inclusive forgiveness, and by Grace God first forgives all, so we "also" forgive "every one").
So 
no PS noted by Jesus for the Luke 11 (Grace) Prayer.
So it's like contrasting Mt 6 Prayer vs Lk 11 Prayer, as if:
Law God won't forgive vs Grace God has already forgiven you all.
So in Paul's gospel of Christ = the end of the law (aka good news of grace and truth came by Jesus Christ, from the only true God of all grace), we see:
Ephesians 4:32 (God hath first forgiven you)
And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath (first) forgiven you.
Colossians 2:13 (God hath first forgiven you all trespasses)
And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses (aka God first forgave you all, including those never forgiveness law things mentioned by Jesus in Mt 11:32 & Mk 3:29).
SO THEN,
when legalistic traditional so-called Christians say they want the Matthew 6 Lord's Prayer put back in assemblies & in schools;
We ought to say NO, and give reason (Mt 6 vs Lk 11 comparison). For it seems a good thing Mt 6 prayer was taken out of schools.
ALSO, even for Luke 11 (Grace) prayer, let's notice this:
Our Father ... deliver us from evil: Luke 11:4,
Now we have been delivered from the law: Romans 7:6.
So,
even the Lk 11 prayer request has been answered (freely given).
So
apostle Paul Romans 6 & 7 says
reckon also yourselves dead to sin, but alive unto God,
as then not under the law, but under grace,
allegory as if dead to the law, but alive unto grace.
What are your insights about NT comparing of law vs grace?
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus → Christ be/is with you all. Amen.

