---
title: "post 1720"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\May\post_1720.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:26:40.458930
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M--ay-----------------1--4,2---019
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
ATHEISTS? Something GOOD about one I encountered. Years ago, having discussion with an atheist, former christian (both just labels), I humbly admit he helped me see plural and contrary scriptures, if mingled, make an oxymoron. He quit believe in God b/c churches he'd attended fed him a plural & contrary God, both nice & nasty, God in conflict with himself. Sadly 
he hadn't yet gone on, to the only true God is only nice.
Yet his comment helped me see it wasn't "God", but "LORD God", who'd given man plural and contrary commandments:
Gen 2:16 every tree (of God: Gen 1:29), freely = grace: above.
Gen 2:17 but not every tree & a surely die lie = law: beneath.
Indeed, if such grace + law "mingled", it made an oxymoron.
It's reasons why, in New Testament:
Jesus Christ (allegory) said in John 8:23: 
I am (grace & truth) from "above" (like in Gen 2:16), 
ye (do err, as contrary law) are from "beneath" (Gen 2:17).
Mark 12:27 He is not the God of the dead (not law), but the God of the living (grace only): ye therefore do greatly err.
Christ refused "mingled" drink, twice in Mt 27:34 & Mk 15:23, allegory as if from both sides of cross.
Paul said: God is not [author] of confusion (plural & contrary things mingled), but of peace; 1Cor 14:33.
Eph 2:15, Having abolished in his flesh the enmity = the law of (plural & contrary) commandments, contained in ordinances (Gen 2:16+17); for to make in himself of twain (grace + law, or law + grace) one new man (only grace), so making peace.
As for the LORD(Yehovah) God(Elohyim), perhaps allegory for LAWED Grace; Seems he may have planted the tree of good and evil, gave man contrary commandments, and made the serpent: noted in Gen 3:1 Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field "which the LORD God had made". And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath "God" said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden (Gen 2:17)?"
Interesting "mystery", having lots of twists & turns to sort out.
The grace (unconditional God goodness, having no severity att'd) of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

