---
title: "post 1867"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\December\post_1867.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:06:34.886868
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Why does KJV use both love & charity if both mean 'agape' ? Let's consider some explain for this love & charity contrasting:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
There's 7 kinds of "love" in greek, so confusion if not specified. Of love[agape] the 1st thing Jesus said, in Mt 24:12, is: And because iniquity shall abound, the love[agape] of many shall "wax cold": as if drawn←back to 
cOLD←>LukeWarm→Hot.
Divorce proves love can wax cold, as if fail, for many. Why?
Love is always a commandment, can be disobeyed/obeyed.
So love still allegory like law, and no man is justified by law.
Love one another = new commandment = new law, not grace.
So KJV uses both love[agape1] & charity[agape2] for 'agape' to allegory contrast although love is excellent, charity is a "more excellent way" (1Cor 12:31→1Cor 13:all); As if charity a higher mode of 'agape' that's not a commandment, allegory like grace mode for 'agape' instead of law mode for 'agape'.
Eg: similar "allegory" contrast for 'charis' x2:
Both favour[charis1] & grace[charis2] are used for 'charis', but grace is exceedingly "much more" than favour. Favour occurs 6 times, in Lk to Acts, lastly "against" someone, but Grace occurs 100+ times, in Lk to Rev, and never against any.
Charity does not think evil, neither to punish nor to forgive.
Love can still think evil, either to punish or forgive=better.
So only charity can be new man put on above forgiving.
Eg: similar "allegory' KJV contrasting for 'pneuma' x2:
Both Holy Ghost[pneuma1] & Spirit[pneuma2] used in KJV for 'pneuma'. John 14-16 KJV mentions both; As if 2: 1st & 2nd Comforters to be sent, noting in John 14:16,17 only "Spirit" of truth will abide with you forever, makes Ghost mode temporal. For higher & only true God is a Spirit (not a Ghost): John 4:24.
Charity is allegory like a higher grace only mode for 'agape'.
Love is allegory like the lower duality law mode for 'agape'.
So even God is love[agape] in 1John is as a lower law God.
(eg: notice there's no grace nor mercy nor peace in 1John).
What's shocking about modern bibles which change charity back to love, and Ghost back to Spirit (thereby leave readers unaware of important allegory contrasts) is: Such not only contradict themselves by say both love shall wax cold & love never fails, and by say both blashphemy the Spirit has never forgiveness & God is Spirit forgives all; But such bibles even remove "Christ" from the end in Rev 22:21. OMG. Check your version.
Hope the brief explain made some sense about KJV allegory.
Interesting "mystery" details being made kNOWn by Spirit of truth.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

