---
title: "post 0861"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\July\post_0861.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T18:57:09.384966
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

AllTruth = 3/3 = 1.000 = ONEderful God cannot lie nor die; But
TheTruth = 2/3 = 0.666 = Nothing yet, even if truth about $tuff.
Eg: John 14:6 KJV (re TheTruth):
I am = TheWay(1/3), TheTruth(2/3), and TheLife(3/3).
Eg: John 16:13 KJV (re AllTruth);
Howbeit(?): the Spirit of truth will guide you into all truth.
SO THEN, when I thought I knew TheTruth had made me totally free of believe erroneous f-law stuff, as noted in John 8:30→32, I also discovered TheTruth I knew so far was still only 2/3 of 3things in John 14:6 KJV....  
Then i also discovered why. 
For there's TWO different Comforter(s) sent in John 14-16, and so far I only had the 1st: "Holy Ghost" in John 14:26 KJV, NotYet the 2nd: "Spirit of truth" in John 15:26. For in John 16:13, only one: the Spirit of truth will guide you (of ye/you) ↑into AllTruth↑, which is above and beyond TheTruth, since 2/3 is 1/3 short of 3/3... 
AhaMoment, SO THEN
that's why John 4:24 KJV had previously said "God is a Spirit", as if to allegory say God is not a Ghost having UnPardonable sin that Peter (called Satan) had invoked to KILL Ananias & Saphirra, and thereby bring "great fear" (not greater love) on the early church, and... 
that's why 2SonsJesus said, in John 16:7 that TheTruth is he had to GO AWAY, and if he did DEPART it would be "expedient" for you, of ye/you; For even resurrected Jesus still upbraided the eleaven (pun intended) and sent "them" out to say saved or damned (Mk 16:14-16), which is a f-law twain that ends bad: damned, like good or evil ends bad, with evil=reverse of live. 
Hmmm...
come to THINK about it, all of 2SonsJesus' twain scenarios ended badly, such as all those in Mt 12:30-37, 37 ending with both justified + condemned being a bad end: condemned. 
Seems...
Jesus did accomplish his mission, to NOT send NOR give peace on earth, by teach how f-law is both good and evil = bad ending. No wonder Lk 2:10-14's heralding about "on earth peace" was about "Christ" (not Jesus). 
No wonder Paul clarified his gospel was the "gospel of Christ" (not Jesus); And 
peace with God is THROUGH Jesus→Christ, only in Christ mode of thru J→C. 
Yet... 
even that is not the whole story, for in C mode of J→C we ALSO get reconciled to God, yet not just any God, but "that God" who can't lie nor die, as if above & beyond TheTruth into AllTruth.

