---
title: "post 2834"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\May\post_2834.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T23:43:40.653853
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: -----Ma----y--------1----5-,20--23-
---

## Content

Book of REVELATION
Title & First Verse = 2 different Revelations (aka uncoverings). 
(perhaps allegory as if for contrast of John vs Jesus Christ).
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Official TITLE in pre-1900 Oxford KJV:
"The Revelation [apokalypsis: uncovering] of St John The Divine".
note: 
title allegorically denotes it's going to be about the uncovering of a saint named John whom many assumed to be the Divine (aka Law).
FIRST VERSE: Revelation 1:1 KJV:
"The Revelation [apokalypsis: uncovering] of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John". 
Title & First Verse = 2 different Revelations (aka uncoverings). 
(allegory as if to contrast John vs Jesus Christ as law vs grace).
Most modern versions get the title wrong, and thereby miss what the book is about. Here are a list of some wrong titles:
Revelation.
The Revelation To John. 
The Revelation of Jesus Christ. 
Of two different Revelations (uncoverings) noted in Title & First Verse, only "The Revelation of Jesus Christ" is given by "God".
Yet, 
The Revelation of Jesus Christ is primarily found in Matthew to Revelation, as being grace and truth sent from the only true God (John 1:17 & John 17:3), and mostly revealed in Paul's epistles. 
For Paul is noted as "his witness unto all men", 
and perhaps "his angel" (minister) who sign-ified it in Rev 1:1,
and perhaps sign-ified it with his grace salutation in Rev 22:21,
which is notably written with his "own hand", 
as noted in 
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV:
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
So the end (Rev 22:21 KJV) is Paul's grace salutation, not John's:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

