---
title: "post 0663"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\January\post_0663.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T17:25:29.516528
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

REVELATION (Greek: 'apokapusis', from 'apokalupto') means: 
UnCover what's been veiled or covered, to reveal (not accuse).
Seems a LOT of UnCoverings (revelations) are happening now, especially when looking at alternative media and social networks; As if J→C's biblical fore→telling about it is now in a higher gear:
Eg: Luke 12:2 KJV "there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known". 
Seems the UnCoverings are not just the usual $candal$, but now UnCoverings in every aspect of society, including bogus history, NASA lies, conspiracy hoaxes, false flags, politics, science, media, even things about religious & spiritual leaders of multiple faiths. 
Yet it seems an ELEPHANT in the room is still being ignored; And perhaps this ELEPHANT is called 'Rule of Law' & OT 'Justice'; Both still being used to spread Fear among a general populace who haven't yet learned "Law" worketh "Wrath" is not what God appointed us to; And "justice" an OT word NEVER used in NT. 
Perhaps when (not if) such is real-ized among the people, we can all move on to "on earth peace" noted about "Christ", not Jesus. For the Christ of "through Jesus→Christ" is "the end of the law".
So TheEnd to ENDure unto is NOT 'Rule of Law' NOR OT Justice; But rather "Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus→Christ our Lord" as Apostle Paul noted to Bishop Timothy.
Clarity: not said to accuse or condemn any, but to aware all it's not 2016BC, but AD2016→only goes for-ward unto TheEnd, which is Neither OT Law←Nor→NT BetterLaw, but ↑Grace↑.
Eg: Revelation 22:21 KJV*
The ↑grace↑ of our Lord Jesus→↑Christ↑ [be] with you all. Amen.
*only KJV does not remove "Christ" from TheEnd to ENDure to.

