---
title: "post 1845"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\November\post_1845.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2019
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T09:58:08.556426
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Senses? At full age, senses help avoid "both good and evil" aspects of law. Let's see humour of this in Hebrews 5:14.
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
if it looks left←right swimming fishy <(:(((<, and
if it sounds like Mt Sinai Horeb-bull, and
if 
it smells pewy as covered up dung, and
if it tastes both sweet+bitter, and
if it feels like hell inside when swallowed, then senses know 
it's law, and a-void both the good[kalos] and evil[kakos] of it.
Why use senses to discern & a-void even good aspect of law? Law "good"[kalos] differs from grace "good"[agathos], and law "goodness"[chrestotes] from grace "goodness"[agathosyne]. 
So 
if try to do law good[kalos] then law evil is present with you, as Paul noted in Romans 7:21; And in Romans 11:22 notes if God perceived as Law, then what to behold is conditional ("if") goodness plus severity (evil: reverse of live) attached. 
Jesus, when 2 Sons: OT Son of man← & →NT Son of God, was still twain: law good[kalos]← & →grace good[agathos]; So when called "Good[agathos] Master" replied why call me good[agathos]; Noting only one is good[agathos], that is God; As if to alllegory say only Grace is purely good, not like law is conditional nor like law has severity attached to good[kalos].
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

