---
title: "post 3503"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\September\post_3503.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T01:07:13.754917
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

LOVE & GRACE: 
Are there some biblical love & grace differences to notice?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Of 7 
New Testament kinds of "love" in Greek mode, 
God is love[agape]; 
Yet Jesus said in Mt 24:12 
because iniquity shall abound, 
the love[agape] of many shall wax cold 
("cOLD"←>LukeWarm→Hot). 
Seems evidenced by many who fell in love later got divorced. 
Yet modern bibles say love never fails. 
KJV says "chari9ty" never faileth: 1Cor 13:8
Seems it's because Paul noted the love of God is inseparable, 
but Paul also KJV said, 
of love [agape1] & charity [agape2], only "charity never faileth".
A love & charity contrast seems as if something to notice in KJV.
So, "grace and truth" came by "Jesus Christ" in contrast to law; And we are saved from law worketh wrath "by grace". 
There's a "dispensation of grace", but not of love; 
And  there's a "throne of grace", but not of love. 
There's a "God of all grace" who puts an end to suffer mode still occurs with love.
Love fulfills the law; But pure grace is the end of all law.
(seems the "God of all grace" is allegory no law at all)
Seems love was/is always a "commandment" which can be either disobeyed or obeyed, and even changed. 
Eg: in Mt 5:43,44 
we have OT love neighbour & hate enemy changed to NT love your enemies, but even this change of love by change of law still has enemies, so still has jeopardy, thereby not yet peace.
So Paul in Romans→forward holy kiss greets (not commands) with "Grace unto you, and peace". Paul does note it takes being rooted and grounded in love first, to then also comprehend the fulness of God; But Paul always begins & ends epistles with grace.
Love[agape] is excellent, yet "a more excellent way" described in 1Cor 13 KJV is called charity[agape2], as if a higher agape. 
Love one another is a new "commandment", which some could perceive to say law one another. So, 1Tim 1:5 KJV notes Now the end of the "commandment" is charity; As if to allegory say Grace isn't a commandment like love was.
Interesting things in the biblical mystery to ponder about.
What are your insights about love & grace?
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

