---
title: "post 2506"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\August\post_2506.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2022
comments: 2
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-13T15:20:28.385934
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WHY does KJV describe "CHARITY" (not love) as the more excellent [hyperbole] way in 1Corinthians 13 ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
While "love" and "charity" both mean 'agape' in Greek, it's notable Jesus had Matthew 24:12 said this about "love" [agape]:
"And 
because iniquity shall abound, the love [agape] of many shall wax cold".
So, in modern bibles, including NKJV, it seems they contradict themselves by saying both:
love [agape] shall wax cold,
and love [agape] never fails.
Another aspect of "charity" is charity "thinketh no evil" (as if neither to punish nor even to forgive); So in Colossians 3:14 KJV it notes "charity" can be new man put on even above forgiving one another. For in 1Cor 13:5 KJV it noted charity does not think evil.
Note: this is not posted to bash "love" nor modern bibles, but to aware KJV uses both "love" & "charity" as if to contrast excellent and more excellent kinds of 'agape'. 
KJV also uses both "Ghost" & "Spirit" for 'pneuma', as if to contrast how Jesus had said blasphemy the Ghost had never forgiveness: Mt 12:32; Mk 3:29; But God is "Spirit" hath forgiven you all: Eph 4:32; Col 2:13. Yet Col 3:14 KJV puts "charity" even above forgiving one another.
Interesting "mystery" details to notice, ponder, discuss.
What is your insight about such things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

