---
title: "post 3150"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\January\post_3150.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T01:05:33.577848
source: v3.3.02
---

## Content

Which of Paul's epistles is "THE EPISTLE FROM LAODICEA"? 
(noted in Colossians 4:16 for those at Colosse to also read)
Let's investigate which, and how to know it:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
FYI: ONLY Oxford KJV has <end notes> for 14 Pauline Epistles, which reveal things such as "the epistle from Laodicea" noted in Colossians 4:16 is 1 Timothy:
Colossians 4:16 KJV
"And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans; and that ye likewise read the epistle from Laodicea".
1Timothy 6:21 KJV <end note>:
"The first to Timothy was written from Laodicea, which is the chiefest city of Phrygia Pacatiana".
FYI: Modern Bibles do not have <end notes> for Paul's Epistles. 
Even a 2017 Thomas Nelson KJV does not have end notes. 
No wonder modern bible readers can't tell which epistle of Paul was written from Laodicea, and now even debate about who wrote Hebrews. 
Oxford KJV end notes only occur for Paul's 14 Epistles, including Hebrews; 
Not for 7 general epistles of James, Peter 2x, John 3x, Jude.  
Thereby KJV end notes not only reveal things about Paul's Epistles, but prove Hebrews is a Pauline Epistle, by also having an end note.
While I'm NOT a KJV ONLY-ist, it's one of many reasons I use KJV for Bible Study, especially for allegoric mystery. 
Another reason I use KJV for study is: 
it reveals, in 2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV, that The End to ENDure unto: Revelation 22:21 KJV is ONLY the grace salutation of Paul, NEVER of John, and is always written with Paul's "own hand"; Which modern bibles do not know nor reveal. 
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 22:21 KJV (written by Paul's "own hand"):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

