---
title: "post 1588"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\November\post_1588.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2018
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:04:20.319872
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Eternal Life: is it just a biblical promise or our all truth reality?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
For me, after many years of settled by God of "all grace" in His Graceful, merciful, peaceful "all comfort", it strangely changed to uncomfy feeling that won't yet go away. Seems why is:
Upon 
humbly ask Spirit why; Seems I got impatient, began imagining flaw in others to help correct, to point it became me needed uncomfy time out, to get my attention, refocus me to "all" are righteous (none flawed) by God's grace. Oops.
I forgot I'd been comforted to help comfy others. I forgot to clarify all are righteous (even if unaware). I forgot PEP talks (Positive, Evaluate, Positive) begin & end Positive. Noted.
In addition to that awareness, while Spirit has my undivided attention again; Suggested I focus on "eternal life", what it's not & is; Ponder it may not just be what God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began to believe & receive in bible; But is our all truth reality that has neither beginning nor end. 
Seems I hadn't fully realized things about "eternal life", such as never mentioned in OT, and when, in NT, it's the only "eternal" & "life" phrase God, that "cannot lie", promised, "before the world began" by "In the beginning". But in our "all truth" reality "eternal life" has no beginning nor end.
So "eternal life" isn't any of other NT "eternal"s, such as "eternal damnation", "eternal judgment", "eternal fire", are lies only mentioned for lie/truth contrast; And not even any of other NT life phrases, such as "life eternal", "everlasting life", "life everlasting", all end in John 17, Romans 6, 1Timothy. 
Seems what's inferred in Titus 1:2, clarifies God, that cannot lie, promised eternal life before the world began, is: Eternal life is (not was, nor just will be) our heavenly reality; But when "the world began", by creation of plural "heavens and earth", it then changed from being first pure wisdom reality to being a promise to therein believe & receive. Yet...
Hebrews 10:36 clarifies "receive" the promise (eternal life) only comes after have patience (does perfect work), and after we've done the will of God (have mercy, and not sacrifice). Hebrews 11:13 & 39 then reveals, of 2 lists of faith heroes, all died, neither receiving plural promises nor the promise. Our goal is receive eternal life awareness, and share it is for all.
I share things I learned, still learning in humility, not to correct any for all are righteous, but edify & exhort all unto comfort that hopefully never needs a time out like me. I humbly ask prayer for restoration to all comfort asap.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [is] with you all. Amen.

