---
title: "post 0078"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\March\post_0078.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T19:07:44.959364
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: -M--arch---1----6--------,--2------0---14
---

## Content

Bible Mystery: Is the Bible literal and historical or allegorical?
Perhaps neither literal nor historical, but rather all allegorical.
Galatians 4:22-26 says it is all "allegory" in both "covenants".
To see that for yourself, let's look at Galatians 4:22-26 KJV:
"For 
it is written, that Abraham had two sons, 
the one by a bondmaid, 
the other by a freewoman.
But he [who was] of the bondwoman was born after the flesh; 
but he of the freewoman [was] by promise. 
Which things are an allegory: 
for these are the two covenants; 
the one from the mount Sinai, 
which gendereth to bondage, which is Agar. 
For this Agar is mount Sinai in Arabia, 
and answereth to Jerusalem which now is, 
and is in bondage with her children. 
But Jerusalem which is above is free, 
which is the mother of us all". 
So then, what is written is all "allegory".
Romans 15:4 KJV says it this way:
"whatsoever things were written aforetime 
were written for our learning"
So then, the objective of it is "our learning".
For it seems to be a preposterous order to
teach & preach first, then learn afterward;
As preposterous as man first, child after.
Matthew 9:13 KJV says it this way (unto ye:
the sick who still have need of a physician):
"go ye and learn what [that] meaneth, 
I will have mercy, and not sacrifice". 
So then, "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice"
has an allegory meaning ye* should go learn.
*ye are those who err: Mt 22:29; Mk 12:27
Matthew 12:7 KJV seems to clarify why:
"if ye had known what [this] meaneth, 
I will have mercy, and not sacrifice, 
ye would not have condemned the guiltless".
Perhaps "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice"
allegory meaneth I will have grace, and not law; 
And if ye had known the allegory meaning of it,
then ye wouldn't have f-lawed the grace of God.

