---
title: "post 3590"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\November\post_3590.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T22:47:18.046342
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Sacrifice? 
Will of God: I will have mercy, and NOT sacrifice: Mt 9:13. 
Let's investigate.
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and Jesus→Christ our Lord.
Seems neither jews nor christianity sects get it, yet, that in a biblical "mystery" the only true God did not desire sacrifice. 
(Ps 40:6; Ps 51:16; Hos 6:6; Mt 9:13; Mt 12:7; Heb 10). 
Why not? 
Because sacrifice offered "for sin" is "by the law" (Heb 10:8), "which can never take away sins" (Heb 10:11); 
And...
What's "evident" (from the evidence) is that no man (not even Jesus) is justified "by the law" in the sight of God (Gal 3:11).
The phrase "by the law" is an interesting study, occurring 15 times, as it ranges from "by the law of Moses" to "by the law of faith" to "by the law of liberty"; Yet 
Gal 3:12 clarifies the law is "not of faith" and 
Rom 14:23 said whatsoever is "not of faith" is sin. 
Also, judged[krino] by the law of liberty[eleutheria] is only 1st of 2 kinds of liberty: eleuteria & apolyo. 
Hmmm.
Seems even mystics don't yet get the allegoric meaning of "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice" is God will have grace, and not law.
Seems if the not law is not then, not now, not ever; Then we may have to re-think sacrifice; For "not sacrifice" may also be not then, not now, not ever.
People are now discussing this, as if having had a higher awareness glimpse of our all truth reality has no lies (laws).
For the only thing that totally takes away sins (not just forgive & unforgive by the law) & totally purges all (not just almost all) conscience of sin thinking is take away all law. Where & when no law, there & then no transgression nor sin ever imputed.
Seems of 3 things: justified, sanctified, perfected = 3rd of 3.
Seems it takes being made perfect by "the God of all grace"; 
As if to take us above both sides of ill-u-sion as 3rd of 3. 
For even being acceptable only 2/3 of good, acceptable, perfect.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/IS] with you all. Amen.

