---
title: "post 1932"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\April\post_1932.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2020
comments: 4
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:20:39.638278
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Eternal Life: Did you know these things about it in the biblical story?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Although "eternal life" promised "before the world began", by God "cannot lie" (Titus 1:2), to then believe as "gift of God" to receive "through Jesus→Christ our Lord" (Romans 6:23); The promise (eternal life) does not occur in Old Testament for any. It explains why all OT faith heroes in Hebrews 
11 died and "received not the promise" (Heb 11:39).
Neither does eternal life ever occur in the book of Revelation. So it only occurs from Matthew to Jude, not before nor after.
Eternal life is given by "Jesus Christ" (aka by grace & truth came), sent from "the only true God" (cannot lie) to know, as a work given him, a work he said he finished doing (giving eternal life), and notably before the cross (John 17:2-4).
"Eternal life" promised is not any of these other life phrases:
- NT "life eternal" (reverse of eternal life) ends in John 17:3.
- OT "everlasting life" ends in Romans 6:22.
- NT "life everlasting" ends in 1Timothy 1:16.
Of 4 life phrases, only eternal life continues beyond 1Tim 1:16.
In 1Timothy 6:12b, after fight the good[kalos] fight of faith, Paul says "lay hold on eternal life", as "whereunto thou art also called" (as if a higher calling than the high calling, as if "also called" above & beyond fight club).
Hebrews 10:36 notes "receive the promise" (eternal life) comes "after ye have done the will of God" (aka have mercy, not sacrifice: seems to allegory mean have grace, not law).
Mention of eternal life last occurs in Jude 1:21b, which also notes keep looking for "the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life". For neither "mercy" nor "eternal life" occur in book of Revelation. hmmm
What are your insights about eternal life? Does eternal life have any beginning or end? Is it perhaps our true Spiritual reality above & beyond this simulated world of duality? 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

