---
title: "post 0116"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\April\post_0116.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T20:40:11.365334
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible: What is "The GENERATION of Jesus Christ" in Matthew 1 ?
It's not plural "generations" (genealogies) of Adam in Genesis 5,
But one new "generation" ('genesis') of Jesus Christ: Matthew 1.
So 
it notably does not begin with Adam...Seth, nor Noah...Shem,
But Abraham...Isaac: to whom "the seed": "Christ" was promised.
So it also doesn't end with "Jesus", but goes on to "Christ".
For although "grace" and "truth" came "by Jesus Christ",
it clarifies "peace" and "victory" are "through Jesus Christ";
Also "reconciling the world" to "that God" is done "in Christ".
So it doesn't descend from Jesus to a plural God as in Luke 3,
But rather ascends from Abraham, thru J→C, to God is one.
To → wit, "that God" was in "Christ" reconciling "the world".
He's not God of the dead, but the God of the living: Mk 12:27. 
Matthew 1:1's "The book of the GENERATION of Jesus Christ"
isn't suggesting literal history, but "ALLEGORY": Galatians 4:24.
Ascends from Abraham, Isaac (only begotten), Jacob (not Israel),
"us-ward" thru David...Solomon; Not Nathan...David as in Luke 3.
For "kingdom of God" isn't preached until law & prophets endead,
which allegory happens with the beheading of John the Baptist,
as noted in places like Mt 11:13; Mk 1:15; Lk 16:16; Heb 1:1,2.
It's not about the genealogy unto Jesus, who is called Christ,
but about Abraham's seed, Christ, being as if a new creation.
2Corinthians 5:17 KJV
"Therefore if any man [be] in Christ, [he is] a new creature*: 
old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new". 
*creature = ktisis = "creation"; so new creature is as new creation.  
So it's not like "first man ('anthropos') Adam" = a living "soul",
but rather like "last Adam" = a quickening "spirit": 1Cor 15:45;
For the word of God divides asunder soul/spirit: Hebrews 4:12;
And in 1Cor 15:46 it contrasts natural/spiritual as if before/after.
So it's like man-kind being Jn 3 born again, after of before/after;
"Born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible": 1Pet1.  
So of image/likeness = before/after in Gen 1:26, it's after-ward,
- Before: "in our image(tselem)": born: corruptible seed.
- After: "after our likeness(d@muwth)": born again: incorruptible.
So of ye/you = before/after scenarios, it's about "you" of ye/you:
You made perfect by the God of all grace, after ye suffer awhile.
So of ye/you, it clarifies "the kingdom of God is within you": Lk 17.
As if a new beginning that is not like "the beginning of sorrows",
also having a new end called the fulness of the stature of Christ,
which isn't awful lawful wrathful, but graceful, merciful, peaceful.
So it neither begins with Adam nor ends with two Sons Jesus;
But it begins with Abraham and goes on unto one Son Christ. 
It does say 14 generations + 14 generations + 14 generations
which adds up to 42, but when counting Joseph is number 40,
so Jesus would be number 41 and Christ would be number 42;
And "generation" (genesis) of JC isn't like "generations" (gena).
Husband man Joseph is referred to as 'aner', not anthropos man.
Romans 4:8 clarifies 'aner' man isn't diaper blessed like Rom 4:7.
1Cor 11:3 clarifies Christ is the head of every "man" = 'aner'.
1Cor 13:11 says the 'aner' man puts away childish things;
And childish things seem to be allegory for laws.
So the end to endure unto has no mention of law: sin: death.
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen."
Interesting stuff.

