---
title: "post 1640"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\January\post_1640.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T09:51:09.112721
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Favour (charis1) or Grace (charis2)? Let's investigate...
Grace, mercy, and peace (to ALL), from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ. 
Let's investigate how "grace" (charis2) is so "much more" than "favour" (charis1):
- 
"favour" (charis1) only occurs 6 times, from Lk 1:30 to Acts 25:3.
- "grace" (charis2) occurs 130 times, from Lk 2:40 to Rev 22:21.
It's interesting to notice these "mystery" things made known in the NT biblical story:
- Neither "favour" (charis1) Nor "grace" (charis2) occur in Mt & Mk. Neither occur until Lk; As if then LukeWarm of cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot. 
- Mary only found "favour" with God in Lk 1:30; But the "grace" of God came upon the child (Jesus) in Lk 2:40; Who went on to be "Christ".
- Favour ends in Acts 25:3, where it's law high priest desired "against" Paul, so never mentioned again. Grace to you begins in Romans→fwd, then called the gospel of "Christ", of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ"; As if then ending Jesus being 2Sons: Son of God + Son of man (new+old) in Mt-Acts, and then being 1Son: ONLY Son of God in Rom-fwd. For Jesus was "twain" until he abolished the "enmity" ("law") within himself to then be only "one": Eph 2:15.
- Grace is never "against" any, but favour (as if law 'charis') can be both "with" & "against": Mt 12:30... Acts 25:3. Grace is not over against, like Jesus was "over against" the treasury while sat in the law temple, and still "over against" the law temple when sat on Mount of Olives. 
So then, 
let's not call God's grace unmerited favour; And let's notice how often NT notes world salvation is "through him" = "through our Lord Jesus→Christ". For in his Jesus mode he said Not peace: Mt 10:34 & Lk 12:51; But in his Christ mode he is our Peace: Lk 24; Jn 20; Rom 1:7; Rom 5:1, etc.
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] "with you ALL". Amen.

