---
title: "post 2974"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\September\post_2974.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T16:36:39.178174
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Are there TWO of EVERYTHING to contrast in the biblical narrative?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
SEEMS the biblical narrative (mystery) has two (twain) of everything to contrast, even TWO Gods to sort out, one (only) being called "the only true God" (John 17:3) and "the only wise God" (Jude 1:25); Allegory as if of twain to contrast.
Hence 
TWO: Old and New Testaments in ONE Holy Bible,
TWO: Old and New heaven(s) and earth(s) for contrast,
TWO: gnosis & epignosis kinds of "knowledge" in Greek.
Seems even Jesus played TWO Sons: Son of man & Son of God in Matthew to Acts, but in Romans forward, as the gospel of "Christ", of "through Jesus → Christ", then only mention of Son of God.
Even TWO kinds of "Lamb" in Greek:
Lamb [amnos] of God who taketh away the sin of the world.
Lamb [arnion] in Revelation takes away peace from the earth.
Seems it's allegory contrast of law & grace, as if lie & truth.
Law seems both good and evil, lastly reverse of live.
Grace is only good, only agathos good, for only live.
What are your insights about such (dual law & grace) things?
every mystery has twists to sort out, right up to the end.
interesting how the end, in Revelation 22:21, to endure unto, is
the grace salutation of Paul (not John) written with his own hand:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

