---
title: "post 1391"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\February\post_1391.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:56:29.799232
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Old Testament? Although Holy Bible contains Old and New Testaments, it also reasons put away Old Testament after read it. Here's some of many reasons:
- it's called "time past", also "law and prophets"; And Hebrews 1:1,2 clarifies God has not spoken to us in "time past" nor by "prophets", but only in "last days", and only by "Son: (not Sons, like in Mt-Acts, but Son, like in Rom-fwd).
- Jesus even noted in Luke 5:36 "the new agreeth not 
with the old"; So we ought not put new wine (aka grace) in old bottles (aka laws), lest it cause bottles to burst, and spoil everything.
- OT is considered BC time of BC/AD, and now accounted as backward, whereas AD time only goes one way: forward.
- OT had both love thy neighbour and hate thine enemy: Mt 5:43; So it contains hate (Prov 6:16), and enemy (jeopardy). So we can't have an end to hate nor enemy if keep OT.
- OT contains many prophecies of glood and doom; And 1Cor 13:8 KJV says "whether prophecies, they shall fail".
- OT allegory portrays a law God, having "goodness and severity" (Rom 11:22), but even "goodness" of this God is conditional ('if"), and severity is "spare not, cut off". NT portrays "Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father". 
- 2Cor 5:17 notes if any man be in Christ (the end of the law for righteousness), then all things are new, old things have passed away. Can't have all things new if keep OT stuff.
If we think of three modes of seek & find, then OT becomes like cOLD mode of three: cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot.
Clarity: not said to speak against OT, but to reason about it.

