---
title: "post 2989"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\September\post_2989.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T16:37:49.982072
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

FYI: copied from Leon Loots, who copied it from Pete DaWeed:
note: in KJV it uses OT "LORD" [Yehova] for what he calls Yahweh.
Good God vs Yahweh
1).
Yahweh is a liar and deceiver. -1 Kings 22:23
God does not lie.- Numbers 23:19; Titus 1:2; Hebrews 6:18.
2).
Yahweh dwells in deep darkness. -1 Kings 8:12, Exodus 20:21, Deut 5:22-23; Amos 5:18.
God dwells in unapproachable light.- 1 Tim 6:16; 1John 1:5.
3).
Yahweh uses death to control people. - The whole Old Testament. 
Death is an enemy of God, it is the last enemy that Jesus will destroy. -1 Cor 15:26.
4).
Moses spoke to Yahweh face to face.- Exodus 33:11
Jesus said that NO ONE has ever seen God or heard his voice. -John 1:18 and John 5:37.
5).
Yahweh claims to be God and gives Moses the 10 commandments.- Exodus 20.
The New Testament calls the commandments a ministry of death and condemnation which was given by angels. - 2 Cor 3:7, 2 Cor 3:9, Gal 3:19, Acts 7:53, Heb 2:2.
6).
Yahweh sends fire from Heaven to murder people.- Gen 19:24, 2 Kings 1:10,12
Jesus said this is from the wrong spirit and rebukes his disciples for asking to call fire from Heaven. Jesus says he came to save men’s lives not destroy them. -Luke 9:54-55
In Rev 13:13 we see that fire from Heaven is a sign of the beast so he would be worshipped.
7).
Yahweh wants to make a name for himself on the earth by doing great signs and wonders which include, curses, plagues, famines, rape, killing of men women, and children, poisoning the water supply, mass murder, and every kind of terrorism. -Exodus 7 - 11.
Jesus never tried to make a name for himself, he said his kingdom was not of this world and he came against every evil that was committed by Yahweh. - John 18:36 and All four Gospels.
8.
Yahweh loves those that love him and hates those that disobey him. -Prov 8:17, Deut 28:15:68.
God loves those that love him and loves those that hate him, Jesus calls this the perfection of God. -Luke 6:32, Matt 5:46.
9).
Yahweh sends rain on those that obey him and he sends drought on those that don’t.
-Deut 28:23.
God sends rain on the righteous and unrighteous. -Matt 5:45
10).
Yahweh returns evil for evil, an eye for an eye.- Lev 24:19-21.
Jesus said do not return evil for evil or an eye for an eye but love your enemy. -Matt 5:38-40.
11)
Yahweh sends demonic murderous spirits.
-1 Samuel 16:14-16, 23, 18:10, 19:9.
Jesus casts out demonic spirits.
-Matt 8:28-34, Mark 5:1-17.
12).
Yahweh curses people with famine.- Deut 11:16-17, 1 Kings 8:35-40, 2 Sam 21:1,
Yahweh curses people with such famine that they eat their own children. -Lev 26:29, Deut 28:53-57 . Can you imagine anything more evil than that?
Jesus feeds the hungry.- Matt 14:13-21.
13).
Yahweh oppresses.- Deut 28:20-22.
Jesus frees the oppressed.- Luke 4:18.
14).
Yahweh steals, kills, and destroys. - The Whole Old Testament.
Jesus heals, saves, and restores.- whole New Testament.
Joh 10:10 The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I have come that they might have life and that they might have it more abundantly.
15).
Yahweh fills us with the spirit of fear. The Whole Old Testament.
God does not give us a spirit of fear, but of power, love and a sound mind. - 2 Tim 1:7
16).
Yahweh is the god of this age/world.
Jesus came to cast out the god of this age/world.
What are your thoughts about this Yahweh vs God contrast?

