---
title: "post 2196"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\September\post_2196.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:00:29.547801
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Mystery: "life eternal" or "eternal life": is there a difference?  
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and our Lord Jesus Christ.
- "life eternal" is only mentioned 4 times, only in Matthew & John.
- "eternal life" is mentioned 26 times, from Mt 19:16 to Jude 1:21.
John 
17:2,3 uses both, then "life eternal" ceases being mentioned.
Titus 1:2 notes God that "cannot life" promised only "eternal life".
"life eternal" and "eternal life" are one of many reversed phrases.
"everlasting life" and "life everlasting" are also reverse of other.
"Christ Jesus" and "Jesus Christ" are also reverse of each other.
"will I" and "I will" are also notably the reverse of each other.
"life eternal": Mt 25:46 is for sheep R of R/L of Son of man division. But in Lk 12:51 "division" is clarified as not (yet) being peace.
Romans 2:11 also clarifies "there is no respect of persons with God".
Romans 16:17 says to mark and avoid them causing such divisions.
1Cor 14:33 clarifies God is not author of confusion, but of peace.
Son of man, who offered "life eternal" also ceases being mentioned beyond Acts, in Romans forward then only mentions Son of God.
So, perhaps them who've settled for "life eternal" don't have peace;
Not true peace (Godly rest) that is above &  beyond R of L/R sides.
1Tim 6:12 says fight good fight, but ALSO "lay hold on eternal life";
As if they're two different things calling from high and higher also,
for when "eternal life" mentioned, Paul used word "also" called.
Again: Titus 1:2 clarifies God that cannot lie promised eternal life.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

