---
title: "post 1705"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\April\post_1705.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:39:36.655492
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ---Mar-c---h--1--1-,-----------2-01-----9
---

## Content

"God" of "all grace"? Does that portray a higher God & higher grace than just right of law/grace duality? Let's investigate...
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Thanks to Spirit of truth guidance, it now reasons to me that 
- 
"all grace" (1Pet 5:10) is no law nor even law/grace duality;
Allegory like:
- "all truth" (Jn 16:13) is no lie nor even lie/truth duality
- "all comfort" (2Cor 1:3) is not discomfort/comfort duality
So "God of all grace" a higher God than plural heavens on high; Aka in a heaven "higher than the heavens" on high...
The Spirit of truth helped me see these things about the "God of all grace" in 1Peter 5:10: 
- although it says "the God of all grace" hath (first) called us unto his eternal glory by "Christ Jesus", it then says "AFTER that ye have suffered a while"; For in 2Tim 3:12 it had noted all who will live "godly" in "Christ Jesus" shall "suffer"...
- so it's then describing what comes "after" of before/after modes. Seems before mode in Rom 8:20 was a creature made subject to vanity, and in Eph 2:10 "before" was first created in "Christ Jesus" to walk in "them"; till also called to come out of them, over to us of them/us heavens on high...
- so of ye/you modes in KJV, after ye(do err) suffered a while in CJ mode of CJ/JC, then the God of all grace make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you...
Then no "Christ Jesus", only "Jesus Christ" beyond 1Pet 5:14.
(note: Christ Jesus only occurs from Acts 19:4 to 1Peter 5:14)
I would have never noticed this myself. It now reasons how after Saul became Paul he also changed from CJ mode in Acts 19:4 to JC mode in Acts 28:31. Then in Rom→fwd he always 1st clarified he's now in JC mode & always turns descending CJ around to re-ascending JC in all epistles.
So 2Pet only mentions JC and in 2Pet 3:15,16 says he'd read all Paul's epistles which had spoke of such (CJ→JC) things; Concluding grow in grace & knowledge of JC.
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus→Christ" [be/is] with you all. Amen.

