---
title: "post 3487"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\September\post_3487.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T01:04:43.788440
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

79th UNGA ?
SOME OBSERVATIONS 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Summit of the Future: PACT for the Future:
Seems Russia and other countries opposed the support of this tricky automatic endorsement, Seems Russia morally opposed because 
it was a joint WEF-ClubOfRome-WHO-UN automatic forced PACT,
and Russia, in addition to it's SMO, considers WEF to be satanic.
So, later on,
BRICS members may consider LEAVE the UN in Future if UN does not reform, change from hypocrisy & plans to AI CONTROL nations by override their sovereignty with globalist One World Gov't.
Canada's Trudeau spoke to an EMPTY ROOM, AGAIN (as in 2023), as diplomats walked out when he began to speak, and because Trudeau got named by WEF Klaus Swabb as his general who has a majority of his cabinet ministers under WEF control. 
Note: Empty room not shown by MSM.
Ukraine's Zelenskyy spoke to a 1/2 empty room, with global eastern and southern diplomats tired of hearing his untrue comments.
Israel's Netanyahu spoke to a mostly empty room, as many did not even take a seat, and many seated also walked out when he spoke.
One observer & international respected commentator: Jeffry Sachs, noted UN diplomats often speak of wanting global peace, BUT it never occurs, due to some nations wanting forever wars, to use the weapons they produce, and desire to test such in active warfare.
This reminded me of,
the one and only place in the Bible where word "WORST" 
(of BACKWARD WORST ← Worse ← Bad) occurs: 
way BACKward in OT Ezekiel 7: 24,25 ← BC saying:
the OT LORD[Yehova: Jehovah: Yahweh] will bring the "WORST" (a word which has been mentioned in both news & weather, along with death tolls, for two decades already), 
and then 
destruction (not salvation) cometh, 
and to the point 
they will seek peace, but 
there will be no peace to even seek: Ezekiel 7:24,25.
So, let's remind ourselves and others 
it is not BACKWARD ← BC,
But 
it is AD → ONLY GOES FORWARD to UPward USward.
So,
the end already Bible written is:
no law worketh wrath, sin or death even mentioned,
But ONLY
the pure grace salutation of Paul with his own hand:
(as noted thrice, especially in 2Thessalonians 3:17,18)
Revelation 22:21 KJV:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. 
Amen.

