---
title: "post 2277"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\December\post_2277.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2021
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:17:14.707791
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

BIBLICAL MYSTERY TWISTS
"Christ Jesus" is not our "Saviour" & "everlasting life" is not "eternal life":
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Six 
interesting (MYSTERY) things about 1Timothy, especially 1Timothy 1:15,16 & 1Timothy 2:4 (quoted below):
1) 1Tim is "the epistle (written) from Laodicea", Paul noted in Col 4:16 for them to also read, which is revealed in the end note of 1Tim 6:21 KJV. Such end notes are only for Pauline epistles & only occur in Oxford AKJV (not in Cambridge KJV now published by Thomas-Nelson & called PEW bible).
2) 1Tim begins 6 mentions of "God our Saviour" (1Tim to Jude), concluding in Jude 1:25 "the only wise God" is "God our Saviour" (does not both save & destroy after like LORD [Yehova], but saves & awares after: 1Tim 2:4).
3) 1Tim is wherein Paul adds "mercy" to his grace and peace holy kiss greeting. Seems he adds mercy to obtain mercy,
4) Although Paul notes it's acceptable to say "Christ Jesus" came into the world to save "sinners", of which Paul is "chief" (by being biggest legalist: more zealous for Pharisee law than all peers); It's also notable (by seek & find) Paul NEVER calls "Christ Jesus" Saviour. The term "our Saviour" is only used for "Jesus Christ" (by whom came "grace & truth", from "the only true God", which "cannot lie" nor die) & for "God our Saviour".
5) So, because Paul was chief [protos] sinner, Paul obtained mercy, that in him first [protos] Jesus Christ might shew l-o-n-g-suffering as a pattern...
6) to them which should hereafter believe on him to "everlasting life"; A term which then ends in 1Tim 1:16, because it's not yet "eternal life" (to also lay hold on in 1Tim 6:12), for only "eternal life" is what the God which "cannot lie", promised in Titus 1:2.
1Timothy 1:15,16 AKJV
This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that "Christ Jesus" came into the world to save "sinners"; of whom I am "chief".
Howbeit for this cause I obtained "mercy", that in me first Jesus Christ might shew forth all longsuffering, for a pattern, to them which should hereafter believe on him to "life everlasting".
1Timothy 2:3,4 AKJV
For this is "good and acceptable" (aka only 2/3 of 3 things noted in Rom 12:2 to prove when mind renewed) in the sight of God our Saviour;
Who will have all men [anthropos] to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge [epignosis, more than gnosis] of the truth.
NOTE:
"all men [anthropos] to be saved" in 1Tim 2:4 includes "Christ Jesus" as the mediator "man" [anthropos]: (aka Mr In-Between God & men in 1Tim 2:5, an 'anthropos' man in Phil 2:8, liar in Rom 3:4).
What are your insights about such biblical mystery things? 
The GRACE of our Lord Jesus → Christ (BE/IS) WITH YOU ALL. AMEN.

