---
title: "post 1389"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\February\post_1389.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:55:47.377766
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

And every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ (grace & truth) is Lord, to the glory of the Father ~Philippians 2:11 KJV
Interesting "And" ending Philippians 2:5-11 KJV's allegoric CJ/JC description of crucifixion/resurrection process...
begins with "Christ Jesus", and notes he took upon himself the form of a "servant" (like child = servant = not son, till "no more a servant", in Gal 4:1-7), as made (under law: Gal 4:4) in the 
likeness of "men" ('anthropos' = judge-mental = self-condemning flaw in Rom 2:1, liar in Rom 3:4).
So...
CJ humbled himself, and became obedient unto the death of the cross (to thereby end such childish "servant" mode & such judge-mental lying[lawing] 'anthropos' man mode). So...
then God highly exalted him, giving him a name above every name, and so at the name of Jesus every "knee" should bow. Yet there's more (as if higher than highly exalted mode)...
And every "tongue" should confess that "Jesus Christ" (aka grace & truth) is Lord, "to the glory of the Father" (as if yet higher than a God on high, still has plural heavens).
So it's allegory like CJ got crucified to become JC...
Seems why apostle Paul turns (descending) "Christ Jesus" around to (ascending) "Jesus Christ" in all his epistles.  
Seems Ephesians 4:10 KJV noted he that descended (CJ) is the same also that ascended (JC) up far above all heavens (plural), that he might fill all things (as if to then fill all CJ's with JC's grace and truth to the "fulness" of Christ); to the glory of the Father. Wow.
Seems Hebrews 7:26 KJV noted this high priest (CJ) first became "us" (as if of them/us in plural heavens), then also got made "higher than the heavens" on high.
Interesting stuff to notice, ponder, study, and discuss.

