---
title: "post 0355"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2015\March\post_0355.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2015
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-10T01:04:25.675371
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --M---a--r--c--h----1----9-,2-0-----1---5
---

## Content

Biblical END OF THE DAYS, But not yet THE END to ENDure unto;
Rather an end of Old/New times allotted to PluralGod's Twain Shew,
the latter of such them/us dualism being called "better" things for us.
(TimePast←PluralGod→LastDays...Y2Ks)→Third Day = End of Days
Yet 
as 2Timothy 3:1 noted, even "Last Days" were also peril-us times;
And as Daniel 12:13 noted, there's a time called "the end of the days",
which seems to be the time beyond false/true Y2Ks called "Third Day".
(TimePast←Hebrews 1→LastDays...False/True Y2Ks)→"God is one"
So it's no longer Last Days, but The Third Day (end of the plural days),
and it's no longer Plural God (elohyim) mode, but time for God is one.
Yet if one isn't God of all grace, then de-fault goes to God of all law.
What then? A Rod of Iron Rule of Law apocalypse having no mercy.
Bizzare? Search Revelation yourself to see if any mention of mercy;
And notice peace offered in Revelation 1:4 is taken away in Rev 6:4.
So now either Graceful Merciful Peaceful -or- else a Black Sabbath.
The decision is yours to make; For Grace doesn't force itself on ppl.
Suggestion: See 1Peter 5:10's Meet Your Maker of Creator/Maker;
For a Creator both creates + destroys, but Maker makes u perfect.
The ↑grace↑ of our Lord Jesus→↑Christ↑ [be] with you all. Amen.

