---
title: "post 2885"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\June\post_2885.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2023
comments: 8
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T18:06:11.176463
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

AFRICA: 
Some facts about Africa many people don’t know:
Africa is bigger than all of Europe, China and the United States of America combined. Yet, on most world maps, Africa is represented in a small size.
° Area of ​​Africa = 30.37 million km2
° 
Area of ​​China = 9.6 million km2
° US area = 9.8 million km2
° Area of ​​Europe = 10.18 million km2
Africa is three times the area of ​​China, three times the area of ​​Europe, three times the area of ​​the United States of America.
- Africa has 60% of arable land;
- Africa has 90% of the raw material reserves;
- Africa has 40% of the global gold reserves;
- Africa has 33% of the diamond reserves;
- Africa has 80% of the global reserves of Coltan (mineral for the production of telephones and electronics), mainly in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
- Africa owns 60% of the global reserve of cobalt (mineral for the manufacture of automotive batteries).
- Africa is rich in oil and natural gases.
- Africa (Namibia) has the most fish-rich coastline in the world.
- Africa is rich in manganese, iron and wood.
- Africa has 1.3 billion inhabitants in 30.37 million km² (China has 1.4 billion inhabitants in 9.6 million km²).
- The arable land in the Democratic Republic of Congo alone is capable of feeding all of Africa, and all of Africa's arable land is able to feed the entire world.
-The Democratic Republic of Congo has important rivers good for dams to produce electricity that can light up all Africa.
- Africa is a culturally diverse continent in terms of dance, music, architecture and sculpture.
- Africa accommodates 30,000 recipes for medicines and herbs that the West modifies in its laboratories.
- Africa has a young global population that is expected to reach 2.5 billion by the year 2050.
Africa is the future of our world.
~ Dr. Sunday Adelaja (2021)

