---
title: "post 2676"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\February\post_2676.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T20:08:03.762824
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

There is no respect of persons with God: Romans 2:11. 
What does it mean? Does it have two Law & Grace applications?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Seems in Romans 2 Paul notes Jew first, Gentile also, who both receive bad things for doing evil & good things for doing good. Then 2:11 says: For there is no respect of persons with God.
Seems it's assumed God punishes doing evil and rewards doing good; Yet Paul's intent was not such, but rather that there's no Jew and Gentile difference. True "God" has no partiality.
Seems Paul later notes how such applies to both Law & Grace:
- By the Law, as written, it's none righteous, no, not one; So by the law it's sinners all, both Jew & Gentile are guilty by the law. Hence by the law God concluded them all in unbelief.
- By Grace, righteousness freely came upon all men by Jesus Christ. So then by grace it's all righteous, yes, every one; Even those not yet renewed in mind from Law to Grace, nor yet aware of it. Hence by grace God will have mercy upon all.
Yet, seems there's more to the mystery. For if we still think of such as law vs grace, and of being right on the grace side to make others wrong on the law side, seems such would still be double minded, divisional, and still partiality on right side.
Seems why 1Cor 13:10 notes when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away. Seems part done away would include both their part vs your part.
So perfect is not being right to make others wrong, but a higher Oneness that's above wrong/right duality, where there is no f-law thought of any, and no thought of evil (reverse of live).
For in 1Peter 5:10 the "God of all grace" who makes you perfect after, isn't law/grace duality, but "all grace" (aka no law at all). 
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

