---
title: "post 2858"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\June\post_2858.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T01:38:54.472881
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

EVERY MAN [anthropos] -vs- EVERY MAN [aner]
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
let God be true, but EVERY MAN[anthropos] a LIAR: Romans 3:4.
know 
the head of EVERY MAN[aner] is Christ: 1Corinthians 11:3.
seems there are two biblical kinds of EVERY MAN to contrast;
revealing a needed "man" upgrade, from 'anthropos' to 'aner'.
EVERY man[anthropos]:
'anthropos' man is judge-mental & self-condemning: Rom 2:1.
EVERY man[anthropos] a liar OMG SHOCKINGLY includes: 
-Son of man[anthropos]: Mt - Acts (doesn't occur beyond Acts). 
-last Adam = second man[anthropos]: 1Cor 15:45,47.
-even the mediator man[anthropos] Christ Jesus: 1Tim 2:4,5.
EVERY man[aner]:
-'aner' man has no sin imputed (not even to forgive): Rom 4:8.
(so, aner man has "no law": Rom 4:15; Rom 5:13, only grace) 
-EVERY 'aner' man puts away chlldish things (laws): 1Cor 13:11.
-perfect 'aner' man = fulness of Christ(is end of the law): Eph 4:13.
-James 3:2 KJV:
For in many things we offend all. If any man offend not in word, the same is a perfect man[aner], and able also to bridle the whole body.
Possible ALLEGORY MEANING:
let Grace be true, but EVERY law man[anthropos] a liar.
(note: even if 99/100 truths, but 1/100 lie, it leavens all)
(seems why Spirit of truth guides us into all truth: no lie)
Christ is the end of the law, 
so, know the head of EVERY man[aner] is Christ = end of fLAW.
interesting mystery details hidden in Greek mode to discover.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

