---
title: "post 3349"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\June\post_3349.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T22:54:42.522991
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

SHALL BE SAVED 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Some New Testament mentions of "shall be saved":
But 
he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved.
Matthew 10:22; Matthew 24:13; Mark 13:13 
He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved.
Mark16:16 
I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved
John 10:9 
And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Acts 2:21 
But we believe that through the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ we shall be saved, even as they.
Acts 15:11 
And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.
Acts 16:31
Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him.
Romans 5:9 
For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life.
Romans 5:10 
That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.
Romans 10:9
For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Romans 10:13 
And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob:
Romans 11:26 
If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire.
1Corinthians 3:15 
Notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing, if they continue in faith and charity and holiness with sobriety.
1Timothy 2:15
The End: Revelation 22:21 KJV
(note: Paul's grace salutation, by his own hand: 2Thess 3:17,18)
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

