---
title: "post 2438"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\June\post_2438.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2022
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T15:01:35.791123
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Is there a Jesus "upbraided" & God "upbraideth not" difference,
if the narrative notes Jesus upbraided before & after the cross?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Here's the reason for the seemingly ODD mystery question. 
Matthew 11:20,21 notes Jesus did pre-cross "UPBRAID" & also threatened  cities wherein most of his mighty works were done.
Mark 16:14-16 notes risen Jesus still post-cross "UPBRAIDED" his eleven, and still said non-believers shall be damned [katakrino: condemned].
James 1:5 KJV reveals there's a God who "UPBRAIDETH NOT".
Eg:
Matthew 11:20-22 KJV (before the cross):
Then began he to UPBRAID the cities wherein most of his mighty works were done, because they repented not: 
Woe unto thee, Chorazin! woe unto thee, Bethsaida! for if the mighty works, which were done in you, had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes.
But I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the day of judgment [krisis], than for you.
Mark 16:14-16 KJV (after the cross):
Afterward he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat, and UPBRAIDED them with their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen.
And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.
He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.
James 1:5 KJV (notes a God who does not ever upbraid):
If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and UPBRAIDETH NOT; and it shall be given him.
Kindly share your opinion or insight on this difference.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

