---
title: "post 2920"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\July\post_2920.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T18:09:32.743041
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

SCIENCE = 'gnosis' = "knowledge" in Bible. 
But is "science" [gnosis] TrustWorthy "knowledge"?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
During the world-wide pandemic a mantra proposed by Media was "trust the science", both as a reason to NOT take ivermectin as early treatment for Covid-19 and instead take untested MRNA vaccine. 
Later, 
it was evidence proven the science [gnosis] was NOT accurate, and result was millions of deaths, which could have been avoided by use ivermectin, vit D, zinc, etc as early treatment proven by 100s of doctors world-wide to have helped avoid both hospital & death.
So, it poses the question, about "trust the science": 
is science [gnosis knowledge] Trustworthy knowledge?
- In 1Timothy 6:20 KJV "science" is the 'gnosis' knowledge of two  kinds of bible "knowledge" in Greek: 'gnosis" & 'epignosis'.
- in 1Corinthians 8:1 it notes the 'gnosis' knowledge puffeth up, in contrast to charity [agape] edifieth up.
- In 1Corinthians 13:8 KJV "knowledge" ['gnosis': aka "science"] shall "vanish away" when contrasted with "charity never faileth".
- In 2Timothy 2:4 KJV God our Saviour will have all men saved AND come unto (higher spiritual) 'epignosis' knowledge of the truth.
SO THEN, according to biblical narrative, allegoric mystery thereof to solve... 
even when getting beyond Saviour Jesus (called Saviour of Israel) & Saviour Christ (called Saviour of the world) to "God our Saviour" (Jude 1:25 called "only wise", of these three Saviours portrayed; aka the only one of three called Saviour who cannot lie nor die, 
Who will have all men saved to also have an ↑upgrade↑ from 'gnosis' knowledge to 'epignosis" knowledge; Perhaps as if upgrade from lower law knowledge to higher grace knowledge, by contrast both & thereby realize science; 'gnosis' knowledge can & does fail.
WHO knew there's both 'gnosis' & 'epignosis' knowledge of JC?
POINT: 
TheEnd to ENDure unto = the "grace" of our Lord Jesus Christ; Because even a BetterLaw of our Lord Jesus Christ, aka a new "commandment" (rule, ordinance, law) to "Love one another", which began in John 13:34, but also has a noted "end" in 1Tim 1:5 KJV, which says "NOW, the end of the commandment is:
- charity (not love) out of a pure heart, and
- [of] of a good conscience (also has begin & end), and
- [of] faith unfeigned (grace faith, since law is not of fath)". 
Discussion:    
- seems to get or retain gov't funding, many science-tists have had to either alter, or let the gov't alter, their published findings.
- although atheists perhaps did well to put away a plural God of plural & contrary scriptures = oxymoron, seems they turned to science ('gnosis' knowledge) for answers, rather than continue to seek and find the only true God who can't lie nor die.
Seems now "trust the science" is proposing reduce thousands of farms and cull thousands of cattle to curb climate change. 
What are your thoughts & findings about such knowledge(s)?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

