---
title: "post 1862"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\November\post_1862.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T09:59:21.652843
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -Oct-ob---e-r-2-3------,----------2--0-----1-9-
---

## Content

Blessed? Let's see how Diaper Blessed (covered) vs Man Blessed in Romans 4:7vs8 KJV differ as better law vs grace.
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Romans 4:7 Blessed are they* whose iniquities are forgiven**, and whose sins are covered***.
4:8 Blessed is the man[aner****] to whom the Lord will not impute sin.
*they, of they/we, is allegory like child mode of child/man, as if only 1st of 2 kinds of "converted" strepho/epistrepho.
**forgiven is plausible in better law mode, but as Mt 18:22-35 notes for a servant (child in Gal 4:1) it can be forgiven, then also unforgiven & delivered to tormentors after forgiven.
***covered is also plausible in better law mode, has a better sacrifice for a better covering of sins; Yet as Jesus noted in Mt 10:26 & Lk 12:2 what's hid by covered will later get revealed as a cover up, then get made known abroad.
For a modern example:
A priest who still has a sin problem, such as child molesting, may get covered up, as if a diaper covering of his dung, but will eventually get revealed, then law will demand punishment.
****aner man-kind (Christ-like) doesn't have law iniquity to forgive nor law imputed sin to cover up. That's grace blessed.
An aner man has Christ = end of the law as head: 1Cor 11:3, and different from anthropos of anthropos/aner kinds of man.
Yet aner man is not like nor in last Adam in 1Cor 15:45,46 for last Adam of Adam1/Adam2 is second man=anthropos, not yet aner; Even though quickened spirit mode of soul/spirit.
Most of chrisitianity will say they are blessed by having sins covered, and ass-u-me they are ok in last Adam called Lord; But unaware both last Adam & they in him are still anthropos man, which in Rom 2:1 & 3:4 is still a judge-mental liar.
So God will have all men[anthropos] both saved & aware.
The grace (blessed) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

