---
title: "post 1576"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\October\post_1576.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2018
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:58:52.878561
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Let's investigate Jesus coming(s) & ascension(s) in a biblical shew.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Coming(s):
- 1st sent, but made under the law: Galatians 4:4, to redeem law folk & also teach law/grace (lie/truth) allegory difference.
- 
2nd coming, only to eleven: Mark 16:14-18, but then still "upbraided" & "damned" non-believers, as still also nasty.
- 3rd coming, to same eleven: Luke 24 & John 20, but then didn't upbraid nor damn, but said "Peace" (no longer nasty).
Note: only Son of man threatened another nasty coming, so thank God no mention of Son of man beyond Acts; Then only nice gospel of "Christ", of through our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Ascension(s):
- Hebrews 1:3,13 notes a 1st ascension to be sat on right hand of "Majesty" (not God), on high (not higher); But there still had "enemies", to be made his "footstool" by OT LORD. So it's why still nasty at 2nd coming to eleven in Mark 16.
- Mark 16:19 notes he 2ndly re-ascended to be sat on right hand of "God" (not Majesty). So then he could say "Peace".
- Acts 1:9 notes 3rd ascension, after 3rd coming, but to a "cloud" (perhaps an over-shadow cloud Moses & Elijah came out of at transfiguration, saying "decease", not "peace"). Seems why, at Penticost, what still came upon apostles was a Holy "Ghost", not yet "Spirit" of truth promised in John 16. So apostles were still both nice & nasty(killed Annanias).
So...
yet a higher ascension required, then as Christ, as if a 4th.
Note: John 16 said he was going "away", to re-ascend to "Father" (is above "God" in Ephesians 4:4-6), and Eph 4:10 said he (already) "ascended up far above all heavens" (higher than plural heavens on high), and Hebrews 7:26 said he (also) got made "higher than the heavens" on high.
So...
when ascended higher than high, to Father, from there he could send "Spirit of truth" (not Holy "Ghost") to (also) guide you into "all truth" (no lie, nor even lie/truth duality), as if to God of "all grace" (no law, nor law/grace duality) in 1Pet 5:10. Then if only all grace, it's only with you all (not against any).
The grace of our (ascended) Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

