---
title: "post 1541"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\August\post_1541.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:45:18.108472
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Great?
Grace, Mercy, and Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.  Consider this:
Donald Trump's 'great again', of great←greater→greatest is allegory like cold again of cOLD←LukeWarm→Hot. It's also 
- 
allegory like "great voice", as of a "trump-et", which "turned" John bwd to what was "behind" him in Revelation 1:10-12, notably to "one like Son of man", not one like Son of God.
- allegory like a dog (reverse of god) is "turned" (bwd) to his own vomit or a washed sow to her mire: 2Pet 2:22.
- allegoric sound of a "trumpet" in Heb 12:19 at Mt Sinai = law.
- allegoric sound of a last trump-et played at military funerals, after sound of a first trump-et called them to war (not peace)
Now consider this:
Jesus said, in Mt 24:12, "the love(agape1) of many" not only can, but "shall wax cold" when iniquity [law] "shall abound". 
So then, 
even "love" can be turned bwd to cOLD, from LukeWarm mode; Even bwd to 'great again', from "greater love" mode. 
Hmmm...
What does this say about God is love?
Clarity: not said to speak against Donald Trump, nor against love; But bring such into light, for investigation & pondering. 
Seems why KJV uses both "love"(agape1) & "charity"(agape2) to distinguish how "love"(agape1) can be both "great" & "greater", but only "charity"(agape2) is "greatest"; Thereby "charity never faileth" (never gets cold). For even "greater love"(agape1) can still be turned bwd to 'great again', as if to cOLD again, bwd from LukeWarm. 
So then,
Grace to you, from God our Father, is like more than love; Because "love" was/is always a "commandment"; But "grace" is not a commandment. Grace doesn't want to command any, but rather aware all with truth until no longer needing to be commanded (like a child), not even to love one another.
So 1Tim 1:5 KJV says: Now the end of the commandment is charity(agape2, as if higher agape than love was agape1).
Seems allegory like an upgrade 
from "God is love" to the higher "God of all grace".
So the end to endure unto has no mention of love, only grace
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

