---
title: "post 2543"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\October\post_2543.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2022
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:08:24.018578
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Love [agape 1] or Charity [agape 2] ??
Charity never faileth.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
It's 
interesting to notice the KJV uses both "love" & "charity" for the Greek word 'agape', perhaps allegory as if to describe excellent (agape 1) and more excellent (agape 2). So 1Cor 12:31 KJV notes a "more excellent way" is about to be shewn, then 1Cor 13 KJV uses "charity" (instead of love) to describe the more excellent way.
Here is 1Corinthians 13:4-8 KJV
Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, Doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil; Rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth; Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things. Charity never faileth: but
whether there be prophecies, they shall fail;
whether there be tongues, they shall cease;
whether there be knowledge [gnosis], it shall vanish away.
Note: Re love or charity:
in Matthew 24:12 Jesus had said this:
And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold.
Charity [agape 2] THINKETH NO EVIL (1Cor 13:5 KJV). Hmmm...
Isaiah 45:7 KJV noted the LORD [Yehova], not God, creates evil.
What are your insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

