---
title: "post 2212"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\September\post_2212.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:02:30.036883
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

TOP CANADIAN DOCTORS TALK VACCINE CONCERNS
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Sadly this info is only provided by Whats Up Canada on Rumble, but ignored & even quenched by Gov't & Main Stream Media.
One 
concern of experts (are not anti-vax) is absurdity of coercing people with natural immunity to get vaccinated. It then reduces, not adds to, immunity, waning to 77, even 35 (below 50) in months. This vax waning has been revealed in Israel, where 90% vaccinated later became 90% in Jerusalem's Herzog hospital within 6 months.
Point: natural immunity exceeds vax immunity & for much longer.
Another concern is why early treatment, reportedly successful by 1000s of doctors world wide using safe & inexpensive drugs, has not only been ignored but stopped by removal of drugs, which if used in week #1, nearly 100% prevented hospitalization and death. Yet doctors who dare mention it are treated as enemies of system.
Point: not do early treatment is as if harm, instead of do no harm.
Yet another concern, but may take more info over more time, is the potential of cumulative harm to organs, that may not show up as symptoms until about 6 months later, with cumulative harm to some organs, like the heart, not restorable.  
Point: trial of DNA & mRNA vaccines won't be complete till 2023.
Clarity: such info is not anti-vax nor conspiracy theory, but doctor shared to encourage people to do their own diligent investigation prior to make an important life decision. Check it out yourself.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

