---
title: "post 1689"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\April\post_1689.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:34:46.974123
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
THIRD of THREE Spirit of truth is helping me See & BE, to  cease from right side of L/R sides is still part-iality of dual-ity:
Many(BroadWay)→Few(NarrowWay)→All(Neither of twain).
Children of wicked→Children of God→Be No More Children.
Servant of sin→Servant of righteousness→No More Servant.
Their Part→Your Part→No Part-iality when perfect is come.
LoveNeighbor+HateEnemy→LoveEnemies→No Enemies.
Glory to God in the "highest" of 3: high→higher→highest.
nat-u-ral(first)→spirit-u-al(afterward)→Spirit-U-All(also).
plural scriptures→better script-u-are→best Script-U-Are.
them of them/us→us-ward of them/us→JustUs(no them).
faith(great)→hope(greater)→charity("greatest" of "three").
Adam1(all die)→Adam2(all still die)→Christ(all made alive).
AnthroposMan→AnerMan→PerfectAnerManChristFulness.
WaxCold→LukeWarm(cold/hot "mingled")→Hot(fervent).
DisComfort→DisComfort & Comfort→God of All Comfort.
I am the way(1/3=0), the truth(2/3=0), and the LIFE(3/3=1).
Lie of lie/truth→Truth of lie/truth→All Truth (no die lie).
ye err of ye/you→you know better of ye/you→Best You.
Under the law→Under grace→With grace (no Under-taker).
Never forgiveness→All trespasses forgiven→Above forgiven.
life eternal→life everlasting→eternal life of God cannot lie. 
Darkness→Darkness & Light→Light having no darkness.
Law of God→Law/Grace of plural God→God of All Grace.
chasten & scourge→rebuke & chasten→Upbraideth  not.
ill side of ill-u-sion→sion side of ill-u-sion→no illusions.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be→is] "with" you "all". Amen.

