---
title: "post 2434"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\May\post_2434.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2022
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:59:00.568409
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M---a----y----1---1-,--------202-2-
---

## Content

PUNISH PUTIN (crucify him) ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
When considering what Ukrainian President Zelensky (as a member of WEF) represents: aka WEF's no God at all (stated agenda), it's been allegory like hearing a bewitched globalist crowd of nation leaders crying release to us Zelensky (to speak to our parliaments), but punish (crucify) Putin (who for 2 decades has been restoring & attending 
Orthodox churches in Russia) who dares reject WEF.
For Clarity: I'm not in favor of any violence for any reason, nor of taking any side in any sides war; So not pro Russia nor anti WEF. Just an observer, and for awareness sake only, not judgment...
It's a wow to observe how Zelensky is msm portrayed as a world hero, and allowed to speak to so many USA/NATO/UK/EU parliaments, with standing ovations from such, for demanding money and weapons.
Then in contrast
wow to observe how Putin is msm portrayed as a madman, a  monster, and how punishment is viciously desired against him.
Seems, for msm, it's like events of 2014 to 2022 never happened. Putin is accused of an UNprovoked attack of Ukraine; When historical evidence notes NATO's two decade eastward expansion to Russia's doorstep, ignoring of 2 Minsk accords, 8 year killing of Russian speaking Ukrainians, and weaponizing of Ukraine (including biolabs) has obviously provoked Putin to act...
Putin is no saint, but neither is Zelensky.
What are your insights about such Ukraine / Russia events?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

