---
title: "post 0822"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\June\post_0822.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T18:44:47.581697
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Awareness: in biblical narrative
Jesus = NOT peace on earth: Mt 10:34; Lk 12:51. 
Christ = "on earth peace": Lk 2:10-14; Eph 2:15
God = NOT author of confusion, but of peace: 1Cor 14:33
Peace = THROUGH Jesus→Christ = in Christ = end of law: Rom
Jesus was not peace because 2SonsJesus was both Son of God←and→Son of man; Which is like both Nice←and→Nasty. He was "made under the law", which is both Good←and→Evil.... ends evil = reverse of live. So all of Jesus' twains, in Mt 12:30-37 end bad, as bad as saved←or→damned in Mk 16:16.
Jesus' Apostles brought great FEAR upon the church: Acts 5:1. God hath NOT given us the spirit of FEAR, but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind: 2Tim 1:7. SO THEN, the narrative takes us beyond Acts of Apostles = LukeWarm, unto "the gospel of Christ": Rom.
So we have to make it BEYOND LukeWarm, since love that's still on the Jesus side can wax cOLD←LukeWarm→Fervent in Christ. 
Christ, of thru J→C, is our peace because Christ is NOT Son of man='anthroppos'="liar": Rom 3:4, but ONLY Son of God=cannot lie.
Every good mystery has lots of twists. Bible = allegoric MYSTERY. Until this mystery gets sorted out, people can be 'twisted'; So twisted they (Jesus fanatics) want one like Son of man to return, like in Revelation, where it flat out notes if such ever happened, result would be ww "wail": Rev 1:7.
POINT: Jesus-ianity ←IsNot →Christ-ianity is about "Christ", and Christ is about Grace, mercy, and peace from God, Who hath not appointed us to wrath = anger, vengeance, violence. It's Law that works Wrath, so until we put away Law, we'll have violence.

