---
title: "post 1383"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\February\post_1383.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2018
comments: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:54:11.714175
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"not under the law, but under grace" does indicate a chanGe of what then "under"; Yet Romans 6 - 7 also clarifies it involves our reckoning, aka "reckon" yourself:
dead unto sin = dead to the law = alive unto God (Grace). 
Previously...
Romans 5:10b noted it's much more saved by his "life"; For reconciled to a "death" in 5:10a is still only the first part of Rom 6:7-9's crucified (dead) and risen with Christ = "live".
Romans 7 also clarifies law, as first husband, has to be dead, to then be married to Christ and not be as if an adult-ress. 
Galatians 5:18 KJV further clarifies "not under the law" is only "if led of the Spirit"... Then Gal 5:22,23 notes it's Spirit led through all 9 fruit of the Spirit, notably 
from love(1st fruit) to temperance(9th fruit), is then "no law".
Such is not to suggest any condemnation to anyone, but rather to clarify, as Paul does in Romans 4:15 & 5:13:
- Where no law, There no transgression; And
- When no law, Then no sin imputed (to cover up)...
For in Romans 4:7,8 (from Psalms 32:1,2) it contrasts:
- Rom 4:7 = diaper blessed = sin imputed & "covered".*
- Rom 4:8 = man blessed = no sin imputed to cover up.
*covered in Rom 4:7 can later also get uncovered, as noted in Mt 10:26; Lk 8:17; Lk 12:2; Allegory as if to reveal if dung is only "covered", but not yet flushed, it may result in shame...
Hmmm, seems a lot of uncovering now happening in news.
Let's encourage all to UpGrade from sin only "covered" to 'aner' man blessed = no sin even imputed to cover up; So there be no more shame to any by uncover cover ups when still "under" mode of under/above. No more uncover when above, where heart is established "with grace" (more than "under grace"). 
Grace, mercy, peace to all.

