---
title: "post 1823"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\October\post_1823.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:50:20.624371
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

What faith was Jesus author and finisher of in Hebrews 12:2? Perhaps faith (trust) in the law. Let's investigate.
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Seems author[archegos: prince] 1st portrays OT Son of man Jesus & finisher[teleiotes: used only once] last portrays NT Son of God Jesus; Allegory as Heb 1:3 Jesus on right of "Majesty" (Law), Heb 12:2 Jesus on right of "God" (Grace). 
Heb 
1:3 KJV:
Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high;
Heb 12:2 KJV:
Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God.
Althougth wording a bit tricky, point is "Majesty" on "high", where still plural heavens, is where Jesus still had "enemies" to be made his "footstool": Heb 1:13. But later Jesus is sat on right hand of the "throne" of "God", noted as "throne of grace" in Heb 4:16, where "mercy" obtained, for all, else none at all. So allegory as up-grade from Majesty(high) to God(higher).
Seems Paul's mention of "from faith to faith", in Rom 1:17, was allegory for upgrading from trust in law to trust in grace, and by having the righteousness of God revealed by gospel.  
Seems risen Jesus, of Nazareth, still "upbraided & damned" in Mk 16:5-19, after 1st sat on right hand of Majesty then return to eleven (2nd coming); Until re-ascended higher to singular heaven and sat on right hand of "God", to then say Peace at 3rd coming to ten & to eleven in Lk 24 & Jn 20.
Seems why Paul said he now lives by the faith of the "Son of God" (not law faith of Son of man before) in Galatians 2:20.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/IS} with you all. Amen.

