---
title: "post 1533"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\July\post_1533.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2018
comments: 3
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:44:03.430716
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --------M-a-y10-,----2-----0---1-8-
---

## Content

Mother? Mind-blowing biblical "allegory" (mystery) to notice & ponder: 
Re "mother" of "us" all, allegory called "Jerusalem above" in Galatians 4:26 KJV: This "mother" portrayed is later allegory called "mount Sion" (the "heavenly Jerusalem") in Hebrews 12:22-24, ye "are come unto", after leave what Heb 12:18-21 allegory described as "mount" Sinai (this "Agar" in Gal 4:25). So in Heb 12:18-24 it's allegory as  "mount" to "mount", asif 
from mother of Ishmael to mother of Isaac = promised son,
And...
if not already so mind-blowing seems absurd to mention, perhaps asif somehow simulated as our learning journey...
is as going from "mount" (Sinai) to "mount" (Sion), is perhaps as if such a fwd "mount" to "mount" journey also takes us "through" the "valley" of the "shadow" of death. Yet, when...
Also in-vestigate such allegory more, by the Spirit, perhaps even mount Sion may still be asif only right side of ill-u-sion, which has "better" Jesus speak than Abel, Yes, but may not yet be Also a "higher" real-ity above both sides of ill-u-sion; As if yet still even more to "go on unto", of 3 allegoric journey modes: good, better, best=rest of the story. So...
Perhaps, even when come unto the "mother" of "us" all, called "Jerusalem above", aka "heavenly Jerusalem", called "city of the living God", called "mount Sion" it may still be...
only asif right side of them/us "heavens" on "high", which in Heb 7:26a is called "us", Yes, but Heb 7:26b notes this "high" priest also got made "higher than the heavens" on high; 
As if yet 
a higher up-ward "us-ward" than a fwd us-ward on high , like in 2Pet 3:9, is then so none should perish (perish the thought).
For, yet another mind-blowing shocker: even this "living God" in Heb 12:22 was previously described in Heb 10:31 as having plural "hands" allegory called "fearful" & "fall"; As if even right hand thereof is still as a "fall". Fall from where? Seems Gal 5:4 noted it's "fallen from grace" to flaw mode.
Hope that allegoric rant, only FYI (not to flaw nor offend any) was not too absurb to notice & ponder, about our learning. Wish only Grace, mercy, peace to all, from God our Father.

