---
title: "post 1222"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\August\post_1222.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2017
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:12:55.867992
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

APPROVED only, THEN has no more need of shame (law), WHEN the word of truth (grace) rightly divided. Grace rightly divided isn't right of law/grace, but above of under/above; So not disapproved/approved = partiality, but all only approved. 
There is no respect of persons (partiality) with God. For...
- by the law it was sinners ALL, NONE righteous, no, not one.
- by grace it's sinners NONE, ALL righteous, yes, every one.
So 
law/grace = partiality, contrary things mingled = oxymoron.
Let's notice it's what Paul tells Timothy in 2Timothy 2:15 KJV:
"Study to shew thyself APPROVED unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth".
Apostle Paul tells bishop Timothy "study", to then be a workman no longer having need of shame (law), by rightly dividing the word of truth (grace). THEN he'd see "approved" unto God, is not both disapproved/approved by having both law/grace, WHEN he rightly divided the word of truth above.
From this verse it seems Timothy still felt "ashamed"; Perhaps depressed about churches he'd been sent to guard against bewitching by judaizers, getting "bewitched", as noted about "churches of Galatia" soon getting "removed from the grace of Christ" by "another gospel" some brought to them... 
Perhaps because Timothy had not yet rightly divided God's pure wisdom of pure grace to "above" of under/above; But still right of law/grace, to be right to make others wrong; Thereby still potential shame, until no more playing any blame game. 
True Grace does NOT want to be right to make others wrong. Pure Grace makes all righteous to the point of none wrong. For if still wrong/right duality, then still as if having partiality.
So if grace still "over against" law, still right of law/grace, it still gives "place" to law, as if still giving "place to the devil", who can then still manifest blame game shame to self-righteous people still wanting to be right to make others wrong. Oops... 
I've been there, unknowingly did this, and it resulted in a lot of suffering for me, until I finally put away my childish partiality.

