---
title: "post 0435"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2015\May\post_0435.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2015
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-10T02:47:06.353483
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M-a---------y1--7,-2-----0--1--5---
---

## Content

DAILY FLUSH --- of lies believed that may not yet be the 
#AllTruth
.
Eg: modern bibles chanGe "charity" to 'LOVE' & say love never fails;
But Matthew 24:12 forewarned "the LOVE of many shall wax cOLD".
So, KJV uses "love" & "charity" for 'agape' to contrast f-law & grace.
Although "love" & "charity" both mean 'agape', there's a DIFFERENCE:
- Matthew 24:12 KJV says love ('agape') of many shall was cOLD.
- 1Corinthians 13:8 KJV says  Charity ('agape') NEVER faileth: but... 
 --whether [there be f-law] prophecies, they shall fail; 
 --whether [there be f-law] tongues, they shall cease; 
 --whether [there be f-law] knowledge, it shall vanish away. 
BelieveLies→KnowTheTruth→↑AllTruth↑ = UpGrades to notice:
- go on, from TheTruth = 2/3 = 0.666 to AllTruth: John 16:7→↑13↑
- of TheWay(1/3)...TheTruth(2/3)...TheLife(3/3), 2/3 is AsIf almost
- leaving BelieveLies→go on unto KnowTheTruth: John 8:30→32
So, f-law 'agape', that is not perfect love, needs to be flushed,
and replaced with the perfect 'agape' = "charity" = NEVER fail.
For in 1Corinthians 13:5 KJV: charity "thinketh no evil (no law)",
NEITHER to punish←NOR→to forgive (or perhaps not forgive).
- Charity = grace 'agape' = NEVER fail = Above forgiving.
- Love = f-law 'agape' = can wax cOLD & FAIL to forgive.
So, in KJV lists following, "charity" (not love), ↑tops↑ every list:
1Corinthians 13:13 KJV list:
- Charity: "greatest" of these three (great→greater→↑greatest↑)
- Hope: we only hope for what we don't yet have, aka never fail.
- Faith: whatsoever is not of faith is sin, and the law is not of faith.
Colossians 3:12-15 KJV list:
- Charity: is to be even put on ↑above↑ forgiving one another.
- Forgiving one another = still one & another duality, not oneness.
- Forbearing one another: still one & another duality, not oneness.
- Longsuffering
- Meekness
- Humbleness of mind
- Kindness
- Bowels of mercies, of elect of God, holy & beloved
2Peter 1:5-9 KJV list: (7 things to add to your faith):
- Charity: when put on top, removes all the blindness
- brotherly kindness: the 'philadelphia' kind of love 
- godliness: still suffer mode in 2Tim 3:12 & 1Pet 5:10
- patience: 'hupomone', yet still running, not yet at rest 
- temperance: Self Control: 9thOf9 fruit in Gal 5:22,23
- knowledge: 'gnosis' intel of science info
- virtue: moral goodness
Further...more, even TheEnd has a problem in modern bibles:
For most modern bibles even remove "Christ" from their end,
and in Romans 10:4 Christ = the end (not mend) of the f-law;
so 1Cor 11:15 says their end shall be according to their works.
So TheEnd we ENDure unto in Mt 24:13 is TheEnd in the KJV:
The ↑grace↑ of our Lord Jesus→↑Christ↑ [be] with you all. Amen.

