---
title: "post 2092"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\March\post_2092.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:42:27.660990
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

By change GHOST to SPIRIT do most modern bibles thereby contradict themselves? 
And... 
By use both Ghost & Spirit for 'pneuma' does KJV make an allegory distinction between 2 "Holy Ghost" & "Spirit of truth" Comforters? 
(Not a KJV-ONLY post, but Let's investigate for our awareness sake)
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Yes, Ghost & Spirit both mean 'pneuma' in Greek, but so do favour & grace both mean 'charis'; Yet bibles don't change favour to grace. In Luke 1:26-35 KJV Mary is Gabriel told she'd found favour (not grace isn't NT mentioned till Lk 2:40) with God, and the Holy "Ghost" (not Spirit) would come upon her, and the holy "thing" born of her (JESUS, made under the law, of woman: Gal 4:4) would "also" be called the Son of God: Because "and" the power of the Highest (of high, higher, highest) would overshadow her.
Let's notice in Mt 12:32; Mk 3:29; Lk 12:10 KJV Jesus 3 times clarified blasphemy (speak against) the Holy "Ghost" has "never forgiveness", neither in this world nor the to come. So in John 4:24 he clarified God is a "Spirit" (aka not a Ghost), and so it could later be said God (is Spirit) hath forgiven you all: Eph 4:32; Col 2:13. 
BUT...
if change Ghost to Spirit in Mt 12:32; Mk 3:29; Lk 12:10 (as most  modern bibles do), then it's saying blasphemy the "Spirit" has "never forgiveness", so then God (is Spirit) won't forgive any who do such. By this modern bibles contradict themselves & make God (is Spirit) an oxmoron: 2 contrary things: never forgiven & forgiven.
By change ghost to spirit, in John 19:30 it would then say when Jesus had received the (pure) vinegar he then said it is finished and bowed his head and gave up the "spirit". Think about it, as why KJV says gave up the "ghost"; and Lk 23:46 KJV uses both: And when Jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, Father into thy hands I commend my "spirit", and having said thus, he gave up the "ghost".
 It's why, in John 14-16 KJV, Jesus noted (for Ghost & Spirit contrast) that 2 different 1st/2nd Comforters would be sent:
1st: John 14:26 says "Holy Ghost", as teacher & reminder
2nd: John 15:26; 16:13 says "Spirit of truth", as guide into all truth.
(note: of 2, only Spirit of truth will guide you into all truth = no lie)
Acts 2-5 KJV then says at Pentecost what (1st) came was the "Holy Ghost", and by such "Ghost" both good & bad things happened: thousands got added to the church, but Ananias & Sapphira got killed, and this result then brought great "fear" (not love void of fear) upon the whole church: Acts 5:11. The reason was they were still assembling in "Solomon's porch" of the law temple.
Seems why some modern bible readers still perceive & believe in Son of man's "everlasting punishment" of Mt 25:46, and "eternal damnation" (never forgiveness); As by not having the proper contrast of both voices of Son of man & Son of God in John 5,  whereby only the Son of God voice says "live", and do not think I will accuse you to the Father. So it's why, in Romans forward, no more mention of Son of man, only Son of God, for as Jesus had noted a Son of man voice said "judgment also", and called for "resurrection of damnation" (also).
So let's not assume KJV (7th English Bible called HOLY BIBLE) is ancient language or full of linguistic errors, but investigate how and why KJV uses both Ghost & Spirit for 'pneuma', also both love & charity for 'agape', as if to contrast 2 kinds of converted: 'strepho' & 'epistrepho', also 2 kinds of knowledge: 'gnosis' & 'epignosis', for contrasting, as how we learn.  
Let's also notice, for awareness sake, most modern bibles that change Ghost to Spirit, and charity to love, also remove "Christ" from the end to endure unto in Revelation 22:21. KJV does not: 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

