---
title: "post 2351"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\March\post_2351.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2022
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:38:56.158075
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Ma--r-ch---2------7----,---2--02--2------
---

## Content

TWOs of PALM SUNDAY: Zech 9:9, Mt 21, Mk 11, Lk 19, Jn 12
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Story begins from nigh unto TWO: Bethany & Bethphage. TWO disciples are then sent to village over against to get TWO: ass and colt, from a place where TWO ways met. 
Procession had TWO multitudes: one that "went before" (as if law driven) & one that "followed" (as if grace led). Mt 21:9. Seems TWO Sons Jesus rode on TWO animals in midst of TWO multitudes.
TWO aspects of Jesus: "king" (of Jews) & "prophet" (of Nazareth) noted, perhaps re Jesus being TWO: Son of God & Son of man, who revealed he had TWO voices in "Verily, verily" John 5:25-29.
So in John it notes Pilate wrote TWO things: JESUS OF NAZARETH, KING OF THE JEWS: John 19:19.
Zechariah 9:9 had mentioned TWO: 
Rejoice greatly O daughter of Zion and shout O daughter of Jerusalem, thy King cometh unto thee, just and having salvation, lowly and riding upon an ass and upon a colt the foal of an ass.
John 12 noted it was "six days before the feast" (before Passover: Nisan 14) Jesus went up from Jericho to Bethany for a super with resurrected Lazarus. Seems it was Friday, Saturday then being the weekly sabbath, so the procession began on Sunday. Seems the  feast Jews who had heard Jesus was in Bethany went there not only to see Jesus, but also Lazarus who'd been raised from dead (after being dead 4 days).
Mt 21 & Mk 11 note Jesus rode on TWO animals (per Zech 9:9), but Lk 19 & Jn 12 say only on colt, young ass, never before sat on. Only Mk 11:4 notes the animals were tied outside the door of place where TWO ways met (perhaps Bethphage over against Bethany). 
Seems both of TWO multitudes say "Hosanna" (save us: Ps 118:25). Yet upon entering Jerusalem he's then called "Jesus the prophet of Nazareth". Later a multitude says "Crucify him, crucify him" 2x. 
What are your insights about Palm Sunday TWOs mentioned?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ (be/is) with you all. Amen.

