---
title: "post 0106"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\April\post_0106.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T20:39:17.825465
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

The WTF? of Easter week's Wednesday, Thursday, Friday:
Soon after Palm Sunday's "Hossana to the Son of David"
(the first part of Son of David, Son of Abraham in Mt 1:1)
another cry is heard, notably 
"Crucify [him], crucify him". 
Hmmm... this is allegorically similar to 
"Master, master" & "Alas, alas", also
"Verily, verily" = "Amen, amen", also
"My God, my God" = "forsaken" (Ps 22... Mt 27)
WTF? Wednesday, Thursday, Friday:
- what if crucifixion on Passover-Easter week was Wednesday,
because Thursday was an annual high holy mid week Sabbath.
So Wednesday was called a "preparation day" for this Sabbath.
- what if Marys could not buy spices on this Thursday Sabbath,
because shopping also forbidden on the annual high holy day.
- what if Marys bought the spices on Friday, aka Good Friday,
because they couldn't buy Thursday, nor visit tomb Saturday,
because it was another end of week Sabbath forbidding work.
If WTF has validity, then crucifixion on Good Friday is BOGUS,
and last supper supposed on (Maundy) Thursday also BOGUS;
So I previously posted Passover-Easter is so darn problem-attic,
with so many things supposed, assumed, it should be cancelled. 
Here's some WTF verses to consider:
- Mt 27:62 reveals chief priests and Pharisees came to Pilate the day after preparation to request the tomb be guarded, to assure the body couldn't be stolen and a resurrection claimed.
-  Mk 15:42 reveals it was preparation day when Joseph of Arimathaea requested the body.
- Lk 23:54 says it was preparation day he took it down, wrapped it in linen, laid it in a sepulcher.
- Jn 19:14 reveals it was preparation of the passover, not preparation for the weekly Sabbath
- Jn 19:31 reveals the (passover) Sabbath following preparation was an high day, and the Jews wanted the bodies down before the Sabbath began (at evening), because of their law in Deuteronomy 21:23 notes if anyone hanged, the body should not remain on the tree overnight.
- Jn 19:42 again reveals they put the body in the tomb because of the Jews' preparation [day].
- Mk 16:1 reveals two Marys bought spices for anointing after the (passover) Sabbath, which would be on Friday, since everything was closed on Thursday Sabbath and Saturday Sabbath.
- Lk 23:55,56 and Lk 24:1 reveal two Marys watched the body entombed (Wed), then they returned (home) and prepared the spices they'd bought (on Friday), rested on the Sabbath (Saturday), came back to the tomb with the spices early Sunday morning (before sun rise). But the body was already gone, so they never got to do their spicial anointing (greasing) thing.
As to Last Supper, research indicates it was neither Passover nor Unleavened Bread, for the bread he did brake was leavened, telling them he'd not eat the passover till kingdom come. 
Interesting stuff...
But another WTF (not Wed, Thur, Fri), in Galatians 4:22-26, is
- what if it's all just "allegory" in both "covenants",
making it potentially crucifiction, not crucifixion?
Well then, perhaps even atheists have something right.
Perhaps we should also go learn what this allegory means:
"I will have mercy, and not sacrifice", mentioned in
Ps 40:6; 51:16; Hos 6:6; Mt 9:13; 12:7; Heb 10:all.
Having made known unto us the mystery of his will: Eph 1:9
Such is not said to make anyone wrong or right,
Nor to suggest Bible is all allegory, so ignore it;
But rather to also ask the Hebrews 2 
question got answered before asked: 
"How shall we escape"?
Perhaps by "give more earnest heed".
Word "answered" occurs 180 times in 4 gospels.
Last mention, in John 21:5, goes like this:
Children, have ye any meat? 
They answered him, No. 
Every good mystery has lots of twists, right up to the end;
Perhaps also a triple mystery noted in Colossians 2:2 KJV:
- the mystery of God*, and
- [the mystery] of the Father, and
- [the mystery] of Christ
*But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets. ~Revelation 10:7 KJV. 
BUT: God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets, Hath in these last days spoken unto us by [his] Son. ~Hebrews 1:1,2 
So, WHY are we still listening to f-law prophecies of prophets;
Especially if told whether prophecies they shall fail: 1Cor 13:8?
And WHY are we listening to two Sons called "Master, master";
Especially if told no man nor servant can serve "two masters",
so only "one" is your "Master", namely "Christ": Mt 23:8,10.

