---
title: "post 2173"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\July\post_2173.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2021
comments: 7
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T13:42:26.353702
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

EPI-things in bible Greek mode to also consider:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
EPI-strepho "converted", as higher than strepho converted.
EPI-gnosis "knowledge", as higher than gnosis knowledge. 
EPI-teleo "perform", as higher than "it is finished" = teleo. 
Re 
"converted": strepho & EPI-strepho kinds:
Mt 18:3 noted Except ye be converted [strepho], and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of (law) heaven.
Lk 22:32 noted, for Peter (as dble Simon, Simon), Jesus prayed for him, saying when converted [EPI-strepho] then he'd strengthen brethren (instead of dissemble, as noted in Gal 2:11-13).
Note: seems Peter had to read all Paul's epistles to help him get EPI-strepho converted, and then 2Pet 3:18 say to strengthen brethren: grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and for ever. Amen. 
Re "knowledge": gnosis & EPI-gnosis kinds:
1Cor 8:1 notes gnosis knowledge puffs up, so 1Cor 13:8 notes the gnosis knowledge (also called science) shall vanish away, as if to 13:11 put away child-ish knowledge to become a man [aner].
Eph 4:13 notes till all come in the unity of faith AND of the knowledge [EPI-gnosis] of the Son of God, as unto a perfect man [aner] called the stature of the fulness of Christ; And 1Tim 2:4 notes God our Saviour will have all men saved AND come unto the knowledge [EPI-gnosis] of the truth (as if higher than gnosis).   
Re "perform": teleo & EPI-teleo kinds:
Jesus (perform-ance) said in John 19:30 "it is finished" = teleo.
But last mention of "perform" in Philippians 1:6 noted saints in Christ Jesus should be confident that he which hath begun a good [agathos] work in you will perform [EPI-teleo] it until the day of Jesus Christ (as if to EPI-teleo "perform" upgrade from teleo).
What are your insights about such EPI-things in Greek mode?   
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

