---
title: "post 1054"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\February\post_1054.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2017
comments: 70
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-12T19:30:31.662259
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Sin: only forgiven & covered (to later be uncovered) or removed?
- Behold the Lamb of God, which TAKETH AWAY ('airo' = removes) the sin of the world ~John 1:29 KJV ... HOW?
- Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances ('dogma': law) that WAS against us, which WAS contrary to us, and TOOK ('airo' = removed) it out of the way, nailing it (f-law) to his cross ~Colossians 2:14 KJV
- And ye know that he was manifested to TAKE AWAY ('airo' = 
remove) our sins; and in him is no sin. ~1John 3:5 KJV
It's time they (childish adults) still only Diaper Blessed = forgiven & covered be told to FLUSH their dung and PUT AWAY their cover ups to be Man Blessed = no sin imputed to forgive nor cover up. 
- Diaper Blessed: Blessed [are] THEY whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered. ~Romans 4:7 KJV:
- Man Blessed: Blessed [is] the MAN to whom the Lord will not impute sin. ~Romans 4:8 KJV
WHY? Because 
- Mt 18:23-35 noted a servant got forgiven + unforgiven + tormented; And Gal 4:1 notes a child differs nothing from a servant
- Mt 10:26; Lk 8:17; Lk 12:2 thrice noted all things only covered, shall get uncovered & made known ww if the pew is not flushed.
Apostle Paul addressed this to childish Corinthians & Ephesians :
- When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I became a man, I PUT AWAY childish things (aka childish cover ups). ~1Corinthians 13:11 KJV
- BE NOT CHILDREN ~1Corinthians 14:20 KJV
- BE NO MORE CHILDREN ~Ephesians 4:14
- Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, be PUT AWAY ('airo' = removed) from you, with all malice: ~Eph 4:31.
Point: if "law worketh wrath": Rom 4:15, and "God hath not appointed us to wrath": 1Thess 5:9, it reasons the only plausible way to put away ('airo' = remove) wrath is to flush law as if dung.

