---
title: "post 3060"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\November\post_3060.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:54:59.138193
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"WORST" ← Worse ← bad
"worst" Bible occurs only once backward in Ezekiel 7:24←BC
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Interesting thing about the word "worst",
Which Bible occurs only once, back in OT Ezekiel 7:24 ← BC.
By Y2Ks (1999, 2000 AD), modern bible translations had removed the word "Christ" from "the end" which Jesus Matthew 24:13 said to endure unto: Revelation 22:21 (the last verse) to be saved (aka saved only by grace only, instead of saved & destroyed by law).
note: "Christ" is defined as "the end of the law": Romans 10:4.
So, to remove word "Christ" is as to remove "end of the law".
As a result, after Y2Ks, then leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law' (not grace, mercy, peace) is our New World Order.
note: law worketh wrath: Romans 4:15, not mercy.
As a result, both news and weather then began reporting "WORST" scenarios manifesting, along with reporting "death" tolls, 
as if 
world was going BACKWARD←BC instead of AD→FORWARD.
For 
"worst" only bible occurs backward in time ← BC.
It's one of many reasons I prefer the KJV (King James Version), for it does not remove the word "Christ" from Revelation 22:21, because it is the grace salutation of Paul, which Paul noted he always wrote with his "own hand", as noted in 2Thessalonians 3:17,18.
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 22:21 KJV (The End = salutation of Paul, not John)
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

