---
title: "post 2495"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\August\post_2495.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2022
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T15:19:31.295136
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

The New Testament of our Lord and Saviour JESUS CHRIST.
The book of the generation [genesis, not genea] of JESUS CHRIST  ~Matthew 1 (note: the singular generation of Jesus Christ neither begins with Adam nor ends with Jesus, but begins with Abraham and goes through 40 generations [genea] unto Christ (the seed).
The beginning of the gospel of JESUS CHRIST, the Son of God; ~Mark 1:1. 
For 
the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by JESUS CHRIST. ~John 1:17
And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and JESUS CHRIST, whom thou hast sent. ~John 17:3.
Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord JESUS CHRIST. ~Romans 1:7 (note: this is Paul's holy kiss greeting).
Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord JESUS → CHRIST. ~Romans 5:1.
For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through JESUS → CHRIST our Lord. ~Romans 6:23.
To God only wise, be glory through JESUS → CHRIST for ever. Amen. ~Romans 16:27 (Note: this is 7th of 7 Amens in Romans).
For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is JESUS CHRIST (aka grace & truth). ~1Corinthians 3:11.
But thanks [charis: grace thanks] be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord JESUS → CHRIST. ~1Corinthians 15:57.
And that every tongue should confess that JESUS CHRIST (aka grace & truth) is Lord, to the glory of God the Father. ~Philippians 2:11
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and JESUS CHRIST  our Lord. ~1Timothy 1:2 (note: it's in this epistle from Laodicea that Paul adds mercy to his holy kiss greeting).
JESUS CHRIST (aka grace & truth) the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever. ~Hebrews 13:8.
Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord JESUS CHRIST unto eternal life. ~Jude 1:21 (note: this is the last mention of mercy & of eternal life; but not of Jesus Christ).
The grace of our Lord JESUS CHRIST be with you all. Amen. ~Revelation 22:21 (note: the end is the grace salutation of Paul, not John).

