---
title: "post 3694"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2025\March\post_3694.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2025
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T18:56:17.255279
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: M-a-r----c-h---1-4------
---

## Content

Rapture Theories ←vs→ Endure Unto The End
Seven Points to Consider Regarding all Rapture Theories (Divisions) of Believers:
1. All rapture theories contradict "endure unto the end" to be saved: Matthew 24:13; Mark 13:13.
    Rather than we flee, we're told to resist the devil and devil law will flee from you: James 4:7
2. All rapture theories are about partiality (respect of persons), which is neither good nor Godly.
 
We are plainly told, and often throughout OT & NT, there is no respect of persons with God.
3. Rapture theories give place to tribulation, wrath to come. God hath not appointed us to wrath.
    Law worketh wrath, so it's legalism proposing any wrath to come on any from a merciful God.
4. It's already been too late for any of the rapture theories since mid 2003 of it's the third day.
    People seeing only good say they're so vexed by it they wish the rapture folk would vanish.
5. Rapture theories are based in fear, not love void of fear. God (Grace) is love void of fear (law).
    Fear is sourced in law: legalism, not in grace and mercy and peace that is void of such legalism.
6. Rapture theories are focused on "prophecy", which speaks of both comfort and discomfort.
    We're told not to prophecy, rather "prophesy" which edifies and exhorts all men unto comfort.
7. It's not people who vanish, but it's laws and lies which are "ready to vanish" and "shall vanish".
    Such laws are lies and nothing more than a Phantom Menace of our own making to put away.
When I became a man, I put away childish things (rapture theories): 1Corinthians 13
By 
Daniel Miles

