---
title: "post 2553"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\October\post_2553.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2022
comments: 3
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:09:50.091661
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Is true God still misrepresented by new covenant preachers if 
it equates God[Theos] as light with LORD[Yehova] as darkness?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Jesus Christ our Lord.
Although new covenant preachers mean well by say we're not under an old covenant, but a new covenant, seems they're unaware even a new covenant of an OT LORD [Yehova] had 2 houses: Israel & Judah (Jeremiah 31:31; Hebrews 8:8), and we're neither; 
Also new covenant of OT LORD still puts "laws" (not grace) into  minds & hearts of house of Israel (Hebrews 8:10; 10:16). 
As such it equates God [Theos] is light (allegory grace) with OT LORD [Yehova] is darkness (allegory law). 
Day of the LORD is darkness (law), not light (grace): Amos 5:18.
That God is light (grace), having no darkness (law): 1John 1:5. 
So...
Let's investigate things said about OT LORD for awareness:
- God[Elohyim] & LORD[Yehova] do not agree in Genesis 6 - 8. 
God doesn't see unclean, so says two: Gen 6:19.
LORD sees clean & unclean. says clean by 7s, unclean by 2. 
- Proverbs 6:16 notes LORD doth "hate". 
True God never hates any, but loves all.
- Isaiah 13:6 notes a day(light) of LORD comes as "destruction" (not as salvation). True God is salvation void of destruction. True God only awares till all thought of destruction is put away.
- Isaiah 45:7 notes LORD creates "darkness" (ignorance) & "evil" (reverse of "live"). True God is light (awareness) & life.
-Jeremiah 23:39 notes LORD will "forget" & "forsake" you. 
True God will never leave nor forsake you (Hebrews 13:5).
- Ezekiel 7:24 notes LORD will bring "worst". God brings us best.
- Amos 5:18 notes day of LORD is darkness, not light (allegory law, not grace). True God of all grace is all grace, no law (1Peter 5:10); And thereby all light, no darkness at all (1John 1:5).
So Jesus Christ (aka grace & truth sent by the only true God: John 1:17 ... John 17:2) said in Luke 11:35 take heed, therefore, that the light in thee be not darkness (allegory: that the grace in you be not lawed). 
Which things are an "allegory", an allegoric "mystery".
What are your insights about such?
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ (be/is) with you all. Amen.

