---
title: "post 3372"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\June\post_3372.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T22:59:56.845597
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

CONTRASTING 
law good [kalos] -vs- grace good [agathos].
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Grace & Truth God is only grace "good" [agathos]:
Jesus clarified God is good [agathos]: Mark 10:18; Luke 18:19.
In contrast:
Law is both "good" [kalos] and evil [kakos]. 
Let's notice good [kalos] -vs- good [agathos] in Paul's epistles:
Law is both good [kalos] and evil [kakos] (also has evil aspect).
So, law good [kalos] differs from God is grace good [agathos}.
So, 
Law is both good [kalos] & evil [kakos]; 
Grace is only good [agathos].
So,
in Romans 7:19 Paul noted because law hinders grace, that when he would do grace good [agathos] he could not, but the evil [kakos] he would not do, he still did (because law was both good & evil).
So,
in Romans 7:21 Paul noted this:
when he would do law good [kalos], evil [kakos] is present.
(because law can be both good [kalos] and evil [kakos] after).
OK, now lets jump to Hebrews 5:14, which notes strong meat (in contrast to milk for babies) belongs to the full age [teleios: perfect, mature], who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern (aka recognize & avoid) "both good [kalos] and evil [kakos]".
So
avoid even law good, because with law good, evil is present.
For Humour: Using all senses to discern:
If it looks bwd (left ← right) swimming fishy <:((<<, and
If it sounds kinda like Horeb-bull Mt Sinai, and
If it smells kinda pewy (as if covered up dung), and
If it tastes both sweet & bitter, and
If it feels like hell when swallowed,
Then it reasons it's law: both good and evil;
So avoid even the good, because with law good, evil is present.
What are your insights about how law good [kalos] & grace good [agathos] differ?
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

