---
title: "post 0535"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2015\September\post_0535.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2015
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T14:24:47.755841
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

What about Epistle Dedicatory of 7th Bible (KJV) Translators?
Seems Translators = Neither RomanCatholic←Nor→Protestant;
For Translators mention being maligned←&→traduced by both:
by popish-persons on one side & self-conceited on another side.
So God's holy truth: ↑Us-ward↑: is Neither of Them←vs→Them.
For 
even perceived us-ward→ of them/us is still Duality mode
(in James 1:8 a double-minded man = "unstable" both "ways");
A MoreExcellentWay is neither BroadWay←nor→NarrowWay.
For although the NarrowWay leadeth unto life, it's not (yet) life.
It's kinda like ↑Grace↑ is neither OT Law←nor→NT BetterLaw.
For even the BetterLaw of "Christ Jesus" is still a f-Law mode
(even LoveEnemies still has Enemies; Grace has no enemies)
is why the only true God sent "Jesus Christ" with grace & truth;
and why Paul turns CJ around to JC in Hebrews to conclude:
"Grace (aka not just CJ's BetterLaw) [be] with you all. Amen."
Romans 2:1 calls f-law judge "inexcusable" man('anthropos');
For in Romans 3:4 every such ('anthropos') man is still a "liar".
In 2Cor 5:14 KJV such us ('hemas') still had to be constrained,
and because if we judge one died for all, the result = all dead;
And our goal isn't all dead, but rather all made alive in Christ.
Such being right to make others wrong is still having partiality.
So James 3:17's PureWisdom from ↑above↑ has NoPartiality.
TrueGod has NoPartiality seems to be a constant Bible theme.

