---
title: "post 1474"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\May\post_1474.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2018
comments: 2
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:23:37.902169
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M--a-y--3,-2-018
post_date: May 3, 2018

---

## Content

Let's reason "abolished" Genesis 2:17 (surely die lie, as not of God, but as "the law [lie] was given by Moses") was how the Lamb of God "taketh away" the sin of the world. It also essentially changed the entire biblical story to good news only. Eg: Results of abolished (blotted out) Gen 2:17 are:
- where no law, there no (plausible) transgression: Rom 4:15
- when no law, then no sin imputed (to forgive): Rom 4:8; 5:13
- so 
when Gen 2:17 abolished, then no need for more law (10 in stone, 613 in ink) to be later "added"; Gal 3:19 says it was only added "because of the transgressions" (of Gen 2:17); 
But 
where & when Gen 2:17 abolished, there & then:
where no law, there no transgression is even plausible,
and when no law, then sin is not even imputed to any.
- so then, consider how that one act, of abolished Gen 2:17, (no more surely die lie to believe; nor both good and evil) essentially removed all further need for all OT &  NT biblical transgression & sin & hell & destruction & evil verses; Not only for us, but also for them, when still them/us twain.
- consider how it even removes the need for forgive & forgiven verses; For where & when no law [lie], there & then no transgression nor sin to even forgive or be forgiven of.
- so when "charity" (higher 'agape' than love commandment) in 1Cor 13:5 KJV "thinketh no evil" (aka no reverse of "live", aka no surely die lie), then it's why in 1Cor 13:8 KJV it says "charity never faileth", and then
- whether there be [law] prophecies, they shall fail,
- whether there be [flaw] tongues, they shall cease,
- whether there be ['gnosis'] knowledge, it shall vanish away
So...
in Col 3:14 KJV "charity" is put on even above "forgiving one another"; For then neither anything to forgive, nor an-other.
And
in 2Pet 1:5-11 KJV "charity" is added (to your faith) even above brotherly kindness, as if it still had some blindness.
Shared only for awareness sake, not to flaw nor offend any; And hopefully made enough sense to stir up discussion.

