---
title: "post 3486"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\September\post_3486.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T01:04:43.759444
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Adam Ross Myers
---

## Content

Galatians is the only biblical book written "unto the churches".
Revelation says hear what the Spirit saith "unto the churches".
To learn what the Spirit saith unto the churches, see Galatians.
Churches of Galatia began grace blessed, did grace run well awhile, but got bewitched;
And the three top dogs who did the bewitching are named: "James, Cephas, and John"(Sons of Thunder).
To 
learn what Jesus' angel said is "in the churches" and "without", see Revelation 22:15,16:
7 things in the churches: dogs, sorcerers, whoremongers, murderers, idolaters, makers of lies, lovers of lies.
The Allegoric Moral: "without" charity, faith + hope = 2/3 = 0.666... to infinity of "nothing": 1Corinthians 13;
But when the third of these three is put on: faith + hope + charity, it's 3/3 = 1.000... to eternity of everything.
For we only faith and hope for what we do not yet have: "charity ("thinketh no evil": no law) never faileth".
Galatians 1:1-3 notes Galatians is written "unto the churches":
"Paul, an apostle, (not of men, neither by man, but by Jesus Christ, and God the Father,
who raised him from the dead;) And all the brethren which are with me, unto the churches
of Galatia: Grace [be] to you and peace from God the Father, and [from] our Lord Jesus Christ"
Seven times, in Revelation, we are exhorted to hear what the Spirit saith "unto the churches"
                1) Revelation 2:7 "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches"
                2) Revelation 2:11 "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches"
                3) Revelation 2:17 "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches"
                4) Revelation 2:29 "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches"
                5) Revelation 3:6  "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches"
                6) Revelation 3:13 "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches"
                7) Revelation 3:22 "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches"
So then, to  hear what the Spirit saith "unto the churches" we should look in Galatians. By 
Daniel Miles

