---
title: "post 2515"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\September\post_2515.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2022
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T16:20:10.284648
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Adam Ross Myers
---

## Content

Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. Good info about false/true God(s) to contrast.
It helped me to re-read the Noah's Ark story in Genesis 6 - 8 KJV, to notice LORD [Yehova] & God [Elohim] DIFFER, not only in name, but in command to Noah:
God [Elohim] said two: Genesis 6:19,
LORD [Yehova] said clean by sevens, unclean by two: Genesis 7:2.
That 
got me checking out many of the 6,000 Old Testament mentions of the LORD [Yehova: also called Jehovah] to notice some bad ones:
Isaiah 13:6 says day of the LORD comes as "destruction" (not salvation).
Isaiah 45:7 says the LORD creates darkness and "evil".
Jeremiah 23:39 says the Lord will forget & "forsake" you.
 Ezekiel 7:24 notes LORD will bring "worst" (worst←worse←bad).
Amos 5:15 says day of LORD is darkness, and not light.
(perhaps allegory meaning it's law & not grace; lie & not truth).
Jude 1:5 notes LORD both saved and afterward destroyed = bad end.
So Jude 1:25 concludes "the only wise God" is "God our Saviour" (who in 1Timothy 2:4 both saves & awares all, instead of save & destroy).
So
John 17:3 mentions "the only true God"; 
Allegory as if one of twain Gods to contrast,
and then put away the other God as if false God.
Seems, allegory speaking:
Law was false God,
Grace is true God.
So the end to endure unto has no mention of law, sin, death. 
Only of grace:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. 
Daniel Miles

