---
title: "post 3275"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\April\post_3275.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:14:24.924570
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Apr-i-l---2-----------9,-----2----0----24
---

## Content

Insight ABOUT Revelation: The End:
Revelation 22:21 KJV is the grace salutation of Paul, not John.
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen."
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
When 
search for any other bible mentions of Revelation 22:21 KJV (last verse: the end) it reveals this: 
Rom 16:24 = 1Cor 16:23 = Phil 4:23 = 2Thess 3:18 = Rev 22:21.
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen."
So, it's ONLY the grace salutation of Paul, NEVER of John.  
It's also noted by Paul that he always writes his (grace) salutation with his "own hand" (as if to hand sign-ify it's his epistle). 
eg: Rom 16:24, 1Cor 16:23, Phil 4:23, 2Thess 3:18 = Rev 22:21 KJV:
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen."
2Thess 3:17,18 (Paul says it's written with his "own hand"):
17 The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle; so I write,
18 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
So, it may allegory sign-ify Paul also wrote book of Revelation, perhaps as a spoof on John getting "turned" to what was calling from "behind" (Rev 1:10-12); Which 2Pet 2:22 says happened like the true proverb said, the dog is "turned" (back) to his own vomit.
(Perhaps why Paul had Phil 3:2 allegory said "beware of dogs").
Official Pre-1900 KJV Title: 
The Revelation of St. John The Divine.
(aka it's about uncover a saint named John thought to be divine).
Seems why there's idioms for John such as toilet, johnny law, etc.
Seems what John had written to seven angels (stars, ministers) of seven churches of Asia (later called Galatia) may have been not only what, but also "who" (Gal 3:1) had bewitched churches of Galatia (Asia), which Acts 20:4 noted Paul & seven had firstly established.
Acts 20:4 KJV (notes seven who accompanied Paul into Asia): 
And there accompanied him (Paul) into Asia Sopater of Berea; and of the Thessalonians, Aristarchus and Secundus; and Gaius of Derbe, and Timotheus; and of Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus.
Seems John may have been the allegoric "thorn" in Paul's flesh; And when Paul thrice prayed it be removed (aka John be killed) he's Jesus Christ told my grace is sufficient (stop asking me to law). 
So, if Paul wrote Revelation, perhaps it's like an allegoric gotcha on John for bewitching churches with law that Paul established in grace. 
For Paul said all in Asia got turned away from him (2Tim 1:15).
Perhaps, based on this evidence of the last verse being ONLY the grace salutation of Paul, NEVER of John, and always written by Paul's "own hand", 
it then gives evidence to an early date (pre AD70) of Revelation writing, instead of traditional late date of AD90-96.
(mention of the temple in Revelation proves it is pre-AD70).
What are your insights or opinions of such things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

