---
title: "post 2074"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\January\post_2074.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:31:36.608194
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"God our Saviour" mentioned 6x: 1Tim 1:1→Jude 1:25 is lastly called "the ONLY WISE God our Saviour". Let's investigate WHY...
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
God our Saviour is 3rd of 3 Saviours: much more than Jesus was only Saviour of Israel, and more than Christ is Saviour of the world; For in 1Tim 2:4 God our Saviour will have all men saved AND come to the knowledge [epignosis] of the truth. 
That's all saved AND  awared. 
Along the way, of 6 mentions of God our Saviour, we also learn in James 1:5 he's God that UPBRAIDETH NOT (doesn't fault-find), and in 1Peter 5:10 the God of ALL GRACE, and in 1John 1:5 that God is LIGHT having no darkness in him at all (allegory pure grace having no law, perfect love has no fear, true peace has no confusion); Not like OT LORD [Yahovah] is darkness, and not light: Amos 5:18.
Then in Jude 1:5 he's not like the OT LORD [Yahovah] who saved people out of Egypt, then afterward destroyed them that believed not. For Grace does not destroy like law both saves & destroys. So it`s why he's lastly Jude 1:25 called "the only wise God our Saviour", to whom be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.
What are you insights about "God our Saviour"?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

