---
title: "post 1236"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\September\post_1236.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:16:21.344476
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

BE MERCIFUL. Why? Only peace of "Grace, mercy, peace" = peace that lasts. If only Grace & peace, peace doesn't last.
Seems good time to discuss why Luke 6:36 = "Therefore: Be Merciful", as yOUR Father is also merciful (has completely "forgiven" you all trespasses: Col 2:13...Eph 4:32); And... 
Why(?) apostle Paul told Colossians to also read the epistle from Laodicea (aka 1Timothy) where he UpGraded his Holy Kiss greeting to INCLUDE 
"mercy" of "Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ". Why? ...
Seems one good reason is: "peace" of only Grace & peace offered in Rev 1:4 (from a WAS) also gets "taken away" in Rev 6:4. Why? ...
It leaves out "mercy" of "Grace, mercy, peace"; So then, peace of only Grace & peace does NOT last, because there is NO mention of mercy in all of Revelation, where the "Lamb" is NOT the 'amnos' Lamb of God taketh away (REMOVES) the sin of the world, but a DIFFERENT 'arnion' (OT) Lamb who takes away the peace of world. OMG... 
Seems why news & weather now apocalypse report 'worst' scenarios, along with DeathTolls, in diverse places ww. Why? Word "worst" only occurs in OT, only once, BACK in Ezekiel 7:24, followed by this prophetic (OT LORD) SHIT in 7:25: They shall seek peace, and there shall be none. Why?
POINT: only peace of "Grace, mercy, peace" = peace that lasts, and it's from NT "God" (not OT LORD). Anything less (not include mercy, not be merciful, still have partiality) may have temporal peace, but it won't last, unless mercy in-cluded.
I now wish 3 BEST WISHES to all: Grace, mercy, peace.

