---
title: "post 1757"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\June\post_1757.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:32:25.694478
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M--ay---1---1---,----2--0--1---9--
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
News: Israel's "iron" dome has "high success but can't 100% prevent harm. Seems punny allegory "iron dome" over Israel has only "high" success; Perhaps because still "high"-minded. Reminded me of apostle Paul's mentions of Mind not "high things" & be not "highminded" x2, as if for both sides of war:
Romans 11:20 "be not highminded"
Romans 12:16 "Mind not high 
things(plural)"
Ephesians 6:12 "spiritual wickedness in high [places]"
1Timothy 6:17 "be not  high-minded"
2Timothy 3:1-5 "highminded" is listed among "un-holy".
For me, after Spirit prompted me to notice such mentions, it posed the question: What are "high things" to mind not? 
Upon search greek (hypselos) mentions, I got surprised to see such not only included "Majesty" on "high" (Hebrews 1:3), but even high & higher of three high, higher, highest things. 
Now seems why Luke 2:11-14 had said "Christ" (not Jesus) as "Saviour" & "Glory" to "God" (not Majesty) in the "highest", to then say "on earth peace, good will toward men". Hmmm.
For 
when "Jesus" (only called Saviour of Israel in Acts) had first ascended to right hand of "Majesty" on "high", Heb 1:3,13 notes there he still had "enemies" (as if not yet peace).
Helped me comprehend the conundrum of a risen "Jesus" (of Nazareth) 2nd coming, thrice appearing (differently), but still "upbraided" & "damned" in Mark16:6-18; Until Mk 16:19 notes he ascended, again, to then be sat on right hand of "God"; So then he 3rdly came & said "Peace" in Luke 24 & John 20. 
Clarity: not posted to speak against "highly" exalted "Jesus", nor against "Majesty on high", nor against "Israel" defending itself; But only to aware share things I learned, so far; And remind myself not to be high-minded proud, but humble.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

