---
title: "post 2401"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\April\post_2401.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2022
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:51:24.776922
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ------M--a-r----c-h25----,----------2-022
---

## Content

Seems LORD [Yehova] & God [Elohim] DIFFER...
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
LORD & God DIFFER in Noah's Ark Story in Genesis 6 - 8:
God [Elohim] said two: Gen 6:19.
LORD 
[Yehova] said clean by sevens & unclean by two: Gen 7:2. 
So only LORD saw both clean & unclean (as if both good & evil).
Taking this God & LORD DIFFER noted back to Genesis 2:16,17 
it makes the "LORD God" mixture therein as if an oxymoron:
The "LORD [Yehova] God [Elohim]" commanded the man (both)
Gen 2:16 every tree, freely (perhaps allegory as if grace).
Gen 2:17 not every tree, surely die (perhaps allegory as if law).
notes:
"God" [Elohim] had said "every tree": Gen 1:29.
1Cor 2:12 notes what's "freely" given is "of God".
So in Gen 2:16,17 only 2:16's every tree, freely, is of "God".
Mixture of both every tree & not every tree makes an oxymoron: contrary things mingled. 
So Christ refused "mingled" drink (Mt 27:34; Mk 15:23), and abolished "law" of (plural & contrary) commandments (Eph 2:15).
A further contrast of LORD vs God occurs in this manner:
LORD both saved and afterward destroyed: Reminded in Jude 1:5.
God our Saviour will have all saved & made aware after: 1Tim 2:4.
So it's like law save & destroy after vs grace save & truth after.
So Jude 1:25 concludes "God our Saviour" is the "only wise God".
Seems a LORD & God difference is allegory like law & grace:
LORD's save & destroy is allegory like law is both good & evil.
God our Saviour's save & aware is allegory like grace & truth.
Seems why John 1:17 made this contrast:
The law was given by Moses, 
but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.
Then John 17:3 noted Jesus Christ is sent by the only true God.
Seems LORD & God are also contrasted as darkness & light:
Amos 5:18 notes the day of the LORD is darkness, not light.
1John 1:5 notes that God is light. has no darkness in him.
So Jesus said take heed the light in thee be not darkness.
(perhaps to allegory say take heed God in thee be not LORD).
Seems LORD & God are contrasted as destruction & salvation.
Isaiah 13:6 noted day of the "LORD" shall come as "destruction" (not as salvation). 1Thess 5:2 says as a "thief" in the "night".
1Thessalonians 5:9 notes "God" hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain "salvation" by our Lord Jesus Christ (aka by grace & truth).
Seems LORD says both will not forsake and will forsake:
Deuteronomy 31:8 notes LORD [Yehova] will not forsake.
Jeremiah 23:39 notes LORD [Yehova] will forsake.
Seems as if in contrast:
Deut 31:6 had noted God [Elohim] will not forsake.
Heb 13:5 notes he hath said I will never forsake thee.
So for God our Saviour, who does not both save & destroy, but does both save & aware all, we find some clarifying characteristics:
The only true God: John 17:3, which is God cannot lie: Titus 1:2.
God of peace (who is not the author of confusion: 1Cor 14:33).
God who upbraideth not: James 1:5.
God of all grace: 1Peter 5:10.
The only wise God: Jude 1:25.
Note: this is not posted to speak against the LORD [Yehova], but to share what's bible said about LORD & how it's as a contrast to God.
What are your insights about how the LORD & God differ?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

