---
title: "post 2519"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\September\post_2519.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2022
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T16:20:29.890293
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

CHRISLAM: one world religion ?
had 
No mention of Jesus Christ by Pope
at
7th Congress of Leaders of World & Traditional Religions.
Grace, mercy, peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Seems (from news reports) Chrislam has now been codified and ratified, with the approval at the 7th Congress of Leaders of World and Traditional Religions, of the Human Fraternity document created by Pope Francis of the Vatican, and financed and promoted by Mohamed bin Zayed of the UAE. 
Question – Guess who they forgot to invite to the festivities? Answer – Jesus Christ, His Name appears nowhere and is never mentioned. I wonder who the ‘honored guest” is then? Hmm.
The closing statement of the congress, which was attended by over 108 religious and world leaders, underscored the historical significance of the Human Fraternity Document, stressing that it helps promote peace, dialogue and mutual respect among people.
Held on 14th and 15th September at the Kazakh capital, Nur-Sultan, under the title “The Role of the Leaders of World and Traditional Religions in the Spiritual and Social Development of Human Civilisation in the Post-Pandemic Period”, the event saw the participation of Kassym-Jomart Tokayev, President of Kazakhstan, Dr. Ahmed el-Tayyeb and Pope Francis.
What are your opinions & insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

