---
title: "post 2447"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\June\post_2447.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2022
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T15:02:35.579425
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

How much of the Bible is ALLEGORY: Allegoric Mystery?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
In Mt 9:13 Jesus quoted from Hosea 6:6, noting God will have mercy, and not sacrifice; Then said go learn what it (allegory) meaneth; And in Mt 12:7 noted if ye had known what it means, ye would not have condemned the guiltless (aka not lawed the grace).
When 
asked in-house (privately) Jesus told disciples in Mt 13:38,39 the field IS the world [kosmos], the good seed ARE the children of the kingdom, the tares ARE the children of the wicked one, the enemy that sowed them IS the devil, the harvest IS the end of the world [aion: age], the reapers ARE the angels. It's allegory interpretation of a parable.
Then in John 6:53 Jesus said "Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you". Such is not to be taken literal, but has allegoric spiritual meaning to learn. 
Perhaps it's also why NO more mention of Son of man, ONLY Son of God in Romans forward, so is then called gospel of "Christ", greeting Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.  
Then in Galatians 4:22-31 Paul notes 2 sons of Abraham by 2 different mothers ARE the 2 covenants, and mother of Ishamael, Agar, IS mount Sinai (aka the law); Which things are ALLEGORY. 
Jerusalem which is above is free, which IS the mother of us all. 
Then  in Gal 4:30 both allegory asks what saith the script-u-are, and answers it saith cast out the bond-woman and her son (allegory meaning: cast out law & result of law: sin & death).
Then in 2Peter 3:8 there is time allegory given, saying "But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day". The 1000 years being as 1 day seems to be taken from Psalm 90:4 said a thousand years in thy sight are but as yesterday when it is past. 
Perhaps (?) Peter, who'd been allegory called Satan in Mt 16:23, gave this time allegory to use in Revelation 20, which notes Satan was bound a 1000 years, then loosed; 
Perhaps (?) as if 1 day in Acts 12:4 called Easter, seemed a 1000 yrs, when Peter was bound, then loosed; Perhaps (?) to go underground as a Roman fugitive, and  later surface in Rome, Italy, reportedly as 1st Pope of RCC.
Then in Revelation, which is full of allegoric things it says in Rev 1:20 "The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars ARE the angels of the seven churches: and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest ARE the seven churches". That's allegory interpretation.
SEEMS, from the biblical narrative, it's mostly allegory, allegoric mystery to acknowledge, a triple mystery noted in Col 2:2 as:
the mystery of God,
and (mystery) of the Father,
and (mystery) of Christ.
Perhaps to allegory denote we need to get the correct God and correct Father to then have the correct Christ as 1 Son, not still twain (Son of man & Son of God) like Jesus first portrayed in Mt to Acts, and noted in John 5:25-29 it was 2 voices saying 2 things: "live" & "judgment also", as Son of God voice & Son of man voice.
That explains why one voice of Jesus said "Nay" to send or give peace on earth, but rather he came to bring sword & division (Mt 10:34; Lk 12:51); So John 7:43; 9:16; 10:19 noted there was division (not peace) because of him. 
But 
another voice of Jesus said he was leaving his peace with disciples even before the cross, after which he still upbraided & damned in Mk 16:14,16 even when resurrected; Until he re-ascended, by being received into heaven, and sat on right hand of God, to only then return to say Peace (instead of upbraid & damn) in Lk 24 & Jn 20.
What's your insights about how much of Bible is Allegoric Mystery?
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus Christ be/is with you all. Amen.

