---
title: "post 1805"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\August\post_1805.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2019
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:43:03.212558
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ----M----a--y2---3,------------2019
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
CONTEXT & SEARCH. In my learning journey thru bible story "mystery" Spirit helped me read plural & contrary scriptures in context, see law← & →grace allegories as if lie← & →truth; Lest twain mingled make an oxymoron. For more awareness, also search greek, see "converted" could mean 'strepho' or 'epistrepho'; "knowledge" could mean 'gnosis' or 'epignosis'. 
Then also prompted I search some words & phrases, see when & why mention of some cease. Here's examples:
After learn, in greek, "man" can mean 'anthropos' or 'aner':
- anthropos = judgmental self-condeming liar: Rom 2:1 & 3:4.
- aner = sin not imputed: Rom 4:8 as not childish: 1Cor 13:11.
My search revealed "Son of man"=anthropos, as why Jesus, when OT "Son of man" called himself "serpent": Jn 3:14 & in Jn 5:27 noted his "Son of man" voice said "judgment also". 
Search revealed it's why NO more mention of "Son of man" beyond plural Acts, ONLY "Son of God" in Rom→fwd, then the gospel of "Christ", of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ".
Later search of "loud voice", used by unclean spirits, but also by Jesus, revealed it also ceased being mentioned after Acts. Seems "loud voice" was as if law voice of Son of man Jesus.
Seems "Son of man" & "loud voice" later resurface in Rev.
Same cease of mention at some point also occurs for word "conscience", begins John 8:9, ends 1Peter 3:21. Same for "Christ Jesus", begins Acts 19:4, ends 1Peter 5:14.
Then for further awareness surprise, for "life" phrases:
- OT "everlasting life", which also occurs in NT, in Jn 3:16 by Son of man (serpent in Jn 3:14) instead of "eternal life", then ceases in Rom 6:22,23 when contrasted with "eternal life".
- NT "life eternal" (reverse of NT "eternal life") used only by Son of man voice, then ceases being mentioned in 17:2-4.
- NT "life everlasting" (reverse of OT "everlasting life") then also ends in 1Tim 1:16, b/c 1Tim 6:12b says lay hold on "eternal life" to which "also called", as if higher God calling.
So 
only "eternal life" beyond 1Tim 1:16, b/c in Titus 1:2 it's only "life" phrase promised by God "cannot lie". Yet it doesn't occur in Revelation, as why last "eternal life" mention in Jude 1:21b says keep looking for the mercy (not sacrifice) of our Lord Jesus Christ (not Christ Jesus). Why? 
Seems
no mention of mercy in John, nor in 1John, nor in Revelation.
Fascinating "mystery" details being Spirit made known to us.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

