---
title: "post 1571"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\October\post_1571.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2018
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:58:14.645187
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

1John 4:17? Asking: isn't it worded as if a question?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
1John 4:17 KJV (?'s mine):
"Herein is our love made perfect (?), that we may have boldness in the day of judgment; because as he is, so are we (?) in this world".
I 
hear this 1John 4:17 phrase a lot from many love friends: "as he is, so are we in this world". Yet ponder & ask about it, 
Because: 
- 1John has no mention of grace, nor of mercy, nor of peace.
- 1John is written to "little children" (not "man" kind, of Paul's be not "children"(still have malice: 1Cor 14:20; Eph 4:14-31). 
- 1John says "keep the commandments" (laws), but Paul's epistles theme flush law (commandments) as "dung"; For only child=servant=kNOW not, still needs law commanding: Gal 4. 1Tim 1:5 KJV says Now, the end of the commandment is charity (not still love, was still a new "commandment").
- 1John 4:6 says "spirit of truth and spirit of error" = error end, should not be if spirit led of Spirit of truth into "all truth"; Which even John 16:13 noted as what the Spirit WILL do for you.
- 1John 4:17 wording says Herein "is love" (?) made perfect (not love is made perfect), then says a "day of judgment" (as if day of law, instead of grace, mercy, peace), then says as he is, so "are we" (?) in this world" (not as he is, we are).
- Seems 1John even suggests God is "love" needs perfecting. 1Peter 5:10 said the "God of all grace" will make you perfect.
Clarity: Not said to bash John, Nor bash love(agape) ppl, Nor bash "God is love"; But to ask, because JC said, in Mt 24:12, the "love" (of God is love) of many shall "wax cold". Hmmm. 
Seems why the end to endure unto doesn't say love, but
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

