---
title: "post 3658"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2025\January\post_3658.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2025
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T20:23:48.272254
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Adam Ross Myers
---

## Content

VIRGIN BIRTH of Jesus Christ:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Interesting the virgin birth of Jesus Christ is only in Matthew 1,2 & Luke 1,2; Not found in Mark nor in John.
The 
New Testament of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ...
Matthew 1:18-23 KJV
Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wise: When as his mother Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy Ghost. Then Joseph her husband, being a just man, and not willing to make her a publick example, was minded to put her away privily. But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost. And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins. 
Now all this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet (Isaiah 7:14), saying,
Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us.
Luke 2:1-14 KJV
And it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus, that all the world should be taxed. (And this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.) And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city. And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:) To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child. And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered. And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn. And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night. (NOTE: this was not in winter, but spring at lamb time). And, lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were sore afraid. And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord. And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger. And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying, Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.
Galatians 4:4 KJV
But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law,
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
By 
Daniel Miles

