---
title: "post 3214"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3214.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:11:05.941380
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WHAT IS EVIL? 
Where did evil come from? Let's investigate:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Seems, by connect these verses, it defines what was evil:
Our Father ...... deliver us from EVIL: Luke 11:4 (prayer).
Now we are delivered from the LAW: Romans 7:6 (answer).
Seems thereby, evil is allegory connected to law. 
Paul notes, about law, in Romans 7:21
when law good[kalos], then evil[kakos] is present: lastly "evil".
In contrast 
God's grace good[agathos] is neither kalos nor kakos of law.
Learning this helped me put away "both good and evil" of law.
Where did "evil" come from? 
In Isaiah 45:7 KJV it's LORD [Yehovah], not God, who said:
I form the light, and create "darkness"  (lastly darkness of twain).
I make peace, and create "evil" (lastly evil of twain).
Hmmm.
Learning this helped me put away OT LORD[Yehova] ← BC,
to have that God who is light having no darkness in him at all.
For,
Amos 5:18 KJV said:
Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD! to what end is it for you? the day of the LORD is darkness, and not light.
So,
Jesus Luke 11:35 KJV said:
Take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not darkness.
Thanks to all who share the grace good[agathos] of God[Theos], to help people overcome both good[kalos] & evil[kakos] thoughts of law with grace good[agathos] thought. 
Truly "God of all grace" has no law to flaw anyone with, and thereby His love is indeed inseparable, even unconditional.
In contrast, 
if we still think of God as being or having law, then what we'll behold is both conditional (if) law goodness [chrestoes] & severity (attached): Romans 11:22; 
Because 
law was "both good and evil"  (lastly evil): Hebrews 5:14.
Law works wrath: Romans 4:15.
Wrath is what to put away: Ephesians 4:31.
God has not appointed us to wrath (law): 1Thessalonians 5:9.
So,
let's all put away both good[kalos] & law evil[kakos] of law to then have only grace good [agathos] of the "God of all grace" has no law to flaw anyone with, nor wrath to wrath anyone with.  
Interesting "mystery" details for our awareness sake.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ (be/is) with you all. Amen.

