---
title: "post 2953"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\August\post_2953.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T11:54:51.031916
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

ARE WE IN A SIMULATION? 
What's your opinion of these?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Don 
(retired pastor) said: I am starting to believe we live in a (spiritual) science experiment.
Some scientists now say: we live in some sort of simulation.
TruthStreamMedia tweeted: anyone else feel like they've been living in a movie?
Edward (a meditator) commented: yep...a virtual reality program.
Biblical Paul: 2 sons of Abraham by 2 mothers are 2 covenants, which things are an "allegory"; And Hagar (Ishmael's mother) is Mount Sinai (aka the law). ... then asks and answers 
Nevertheless, what saith the (allegoric) script-u-are.
Cast out the bondwoman and her son.
(Allegory: cast out law & result of law: sin & death) 
Galatians 4.
KJV Bible: uses unique word "shew" for the allegoric mystery.
Biblical Peter: Time Allegory: 
1 day = 1000 years & 1000 years = 1 day: 2Peter 3:8.
Sci-fi movies/shows: portray things like Matrix, Star Trek holographic rooms with computerized materials & characters.
Media: "worst"←BC scenarios & "death" tolls, in diverse places ww, are manifesting in both news & weather. Interesting this BC stuff began to manifest when modern bibles had removed "Christ" from their end in Revelation 22:21 by Y2Ks; And the word "worst" only occurs once in OT Ezekiel 7:24←BC. Hmmm.
What if (because our true grace reality in spirit is eternal life):
perhaps we're not really here, but as if manifested here, by simulation or similitude, when we watch a biblical duality shew whereby "In the beginning" the world began, to then both watch and also play a part in an allegoric mystery, written aforetime for our learning?
Seems Jesus allegory Mt 24:13 said (hey folks), 
if you began the mystery, then it requires endure to the end to be saved (as if from whatever began that we need to be saved from).
The END to ENDure unto to be saved only (not both saved and destroyed afterward like a LORD [Yehova] did to those saved out of Egypt: reminded in Jude 1:5): Revelation 22:21 KJV: is notably the grace salutation of Paul (not of John), and is notably written with his "own hand" (2Thess 3:17,18) as if to sign-ify it is his epistle:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

