---
title: "post 3066"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\November\post_3066.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:55:30.841237
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WHY is the gospel "according to JOHN" a DOUBLE (Big, little) "Verily, verily" [Amen, amen] account, having no mention of mercy?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Many Bible readers don't notice, so never ponder why The Gospel According To JOHN is the only one of four accounts that uses a Double (Big, little) "Verily, verily" [Amen, amen] for things Jesus said.
It's 
allegory like 1st mention of Amen in Numbers 5:22 KJV, which was DOUBLE (Big, little) "Amen, amen" by woman to being both  Blessed, cursed by a law priest. 
Example:
Numbers 5:22 KJV (DOUBLE: Big, little Amen, amen):
And this water that causeth the curse shall go into thy bowels, to make thy belly to swell, and thy thigh to rot: And the woman shall say, Amen, amen.
It's also allegory like DOUBLE (Big, little) "Master, master" used for 2 Sons Jesus (Son of God & Son of man) in Mark 14:45 & Luke 8:24, which portrays him as TWO (many) masters. 
Example:
Mark 14:45 KJV (Judas calls Jesus Master, master):
And as soon as he was come, he goeth straightway to him, and saith, Master, master; and kissed him.
Luke 8:24 KJV (disciples call Jesus DOUBLE Master, master):
And they came to him, and awoke him, saying, Master, master, we perish. Then he arose, and rebuked the wind and the raging of the water: and they ceased, and there was a calm.
Jesus had noted this about two masters:
Matthew 6:24 (Luke 16:13) re TWO many masters:
No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon.
Jesus had also noted this about who is your Big "Master":
Matthew 23:10 (re one, Christ, is your Big Master):
Neither be ye called masters: for one is your Master, even Christ.
In the begin of a discourse the Greek word 'amen' is traditionally "Verily" (Amen, Truly I say), and then at the end it's traditionally "Amen". 
Yet, 
in John's account it's "Verily, verily", which is DOUBLE, also Big, little. 
(note: in Matthew, Mark, Luke it's singular Big "Verily).
This double Big, little phenomena even occurs with "Crucify him, crucify him" in John 19:6. 
John's account notably does not have any mention of mercy.
But John's account does also end with only one (Big) "Amen".
The double Big, little "Verily, verily" aspect seems to suggest an allegory phenomena, which like "Master, master" seems to allegorize "Jesus" as two (many) masters, when still both Son of man and Son of God. 
Christ is "one" only Big "Master": Mt 23:8,10.
So, beyond Acts, in the gospel of "Christ" (thru Jesus→Christ) in Romans forward, there is no more mention of Son of man, only of Son of God, for Jesus as the Christ = the end of the law.
What are your insights about this "Verily, verily" aspect in John?
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

