---
title: "post 2237"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\November\post_2237.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2021
comments: 36
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:09:09.056250
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

JESUS WAS TWAIN: Son of God & Son of man: Master, master. 
CHRIST IS ONE: the ONLY begotten Son of God: one Master.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
"Jesus" was called dual "Master, master" in Mk 14:45 & Lk 8:24; As if to allegory portray he was Big, little twain: two (many) masters, as he himself noted about in Mt 6:24 & Lk 16:13. So he clarified twice in Mt 23:8,10 that only "one" is your (Big) 
"Master": "Christ",
Jesus was called both Son of God & Son of man in Matthew to Acts; And in John 5:25-29 he revealed, about himself, that while twain, he still had two voices saying contrary things: live & judgment [krisis] also (allegory as if grace & law also).
But 
for the gospel of "Christ" beyond LukeWarm Acts, in Romans forward, there is NO more mention of Son of man, ONLY mention of Son of God, and of through our Lord Jesus → Christ, which allegory takes us through twain mode (duality) to one mode.
Jesus was only called Saviour of Israel, as their Jewish Messiah.
Christ is called Saviour of the world. In Christ it's all new (only). 
Romans 8:11 portrays two resurrections:
raised up Jesus from the dead
raised up Christ from the dead: also quickens your mortal bodies
1Cor 15 portrays "Christ" as neither first "Adam" nor last "Adam".
2Cor 5:20 notes now we are ambassadors of "Christ"
Ephesians 2:15 notes he abolished the enmity: the law of commandments, to make of twain within himself, one new man [anthropos], so making peace; Yet 
Eph 4:13 notes fulness of "Christ" as being a perfect 'aner' man (not anthropos), and by the knowledge [epignosis] of the Son of God.
What are your insights about these biblical things noted?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

