---
title: "post 3356"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\June\post_3356.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T22:55:35.169747
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Tree of death vs Tree of Life:

TWO TREES: Many have looked at the tree of the knowledge of good and evil as a tree of duality. It represents judging by good and evil/bad, which is in the realm of 
death. However, I further see both major trees in the garden as trees of either life or death, which are SOURCES we can choose to live from. Let me explain: The ‘good’ on the tree of good and evil/bad is not intrinsically good, it is an external good; whereas the ‘good’ on the tree of life is intrinsically good, originating from spirit and the eternal realm. Therefore, no matter if the tree of knowledge has ‘good’ on it, it is still death. Even the ‘good’ on the tree of good and evil is death. In other words, the tree of life is LIFE while the tree of the knowledge of good and evil is DEATH. We can choose to live from either source. 
There are two words for ‘good’ in the NT; one is ‘Kalos’ and the other is ‘Agathos’. One is an internal good which is from within, while the other is an external good which is from without. Therefore can we really call the tree of the knowledge of good and evil/bad a tree of DUALITY, since even the ‘good’ on that tree is death? The whole tree of knowledge is a metaphor for death, while the whole tree of life is a metaphor for life. That which is represented by the tree of knowledge is the ‘appearance’ of good and evil, which neither has any true substance. We are told in scripture that we are to abstain/shun the appearance of evil; but we are actually to abstain even from the ‘good’ of that tree of knowledge. Not all that we call ‘good’ is God! It can simply be a good idea or come from a lower external motive. The tree of knowledge has no life to offer—it is not partly life and partly death. Therefore, it cannot be called a tree of duality. 
As stated, we use to think that the tree of the knowledge of good and evil is partaking of duality, as though the ‘good’ is okay to partake of, yet the ‘evil’ is bad to eat of; but how can it be when both the good and the bad are in the realm of death? Simply put, the ‘tree of life’ is life, while the ‘tree of knowledge’ is death. These are little hidden nuances which we have missed because of not rightly dividing truth. Therefore, the duality would actually be when one goes back and forth BETWEEN the two trees. *Let us be discerning and draw from the Christ tree of life and live! 
#KayFairchild

