---
title: "post 1382"
type: "post"
original_path: "c:\STORAGE\G\GodShew\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\February\post_1382.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:54:11.672175
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Jesus revealed he still had bi-polar voices in John 5:25-29 KJV: 
While still 2Sons: Son of God + Son of man, Jesus noted he still had 2voices, and only voice of "Son of God" = "live"; Other voice of "Son of man" was still as law "judgment", heard from "graves",  wanting 2resurrections: of life + of damnation = bad end. 
So...
Let's notice the difference, and hear only the Son of God:
- Jn 5:45 = I will not accuse you (voice of Son of God) = grace
- Jn 8:44 = your father is devil = accuse (Son of man) = law
In John 14 - 16 KJV we also have two different Comforters to be sent, both such being spoken by 2Sons Jesus:
- Jn 14:26 = Comforter1 = "Holy Ghost" (law teacher)
- Jn 15:26 = Comforter2 = "Spirit of truth" (grace guide)
When studied out in KJV these two are as different as:
- Holy Ghost Driven: "walk before me" (law driven by Ghost)
- Spirit of truth Led: "follow me" (grace "led of the Spirit")
It reasons why in John 16:7 Jesus said it would expedient for you that he go away, so the "Comforter" may be sent to you. John 16:13 clarifies when the "Spirit of truth" is come, he will "guide" you into "all truth" (has no Ghost-ly lies to believe).
But in Acts 2-5 KJV it notes at Penticost what came upon, and filled apostles was the Holy "Ghost" (not Spirit of truth); So then they did both nice + nasty things, like invoke Mt 12:32 & Mk 3:29's Ghost-ly never forgiven for Ananias & Sapphira, who thereby both got killed. Result: great fear (not love nor grace) came upon the whole church. oops.
So
Saul chosen to become Paul, to give all a gospel of "Christ".  
It reasons why there's no more mention of Son of man beyond Acts, then only Son of God; As if then no longer 2Sons Jesus (nice + nasty voices), but 1SonChrist (nice only). 
Then "Grace to you, and  peace".  
So in Galatians 2:20 Paul notes Christ (not Jesus) liveth in him is live by the faith of the "Son of God" (not Son of man).
Also in Ephesians 4:13 it's unity of the faith, and knowledge of the "Son of God"  (not Son of man, nor 2Sons) by which all grow unto a perfect man, called the fulness of "Christ".
Let's encourage all to hear only the voice of the Son of God.

