---
title: "input"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\ORG-NOTES\Social-Media-Captures\GMP\GMP\GMP-Unknown-input-20230403.md"
---
[GMP-Unknown-input-20230403.mp4](<file:///F:/O/ORG/Social Media Video Wisdom (ORG)/GMP/GMP/GMP-Unknown-input-20230403.mp4>)

## Description


## Transcript
Alright.

Welcome, once again, to Understanding Your Bible. We're glad that you're with us today, and we hope that the broadcast will be a blessing to you. Our purpose here is to provide you with information that will better help you understand your Bible. We have really no ulterior motive. We're not out to get your money. We don't want to try to sell you anything, but we do want to give you some information that will help you understand your Bible. And I believe that the information is readily available to those who will believe the Bible means what it says, where it says it, to whom it says it. And so I hope that you will follow with me in the Scriptures as we go through the Scriptures in this study. And if you prefer, maybe you could take a pencil and a piece of paper and jot down some notes, write down the Scriptures, look at the verses. And if you have any comments or questions, we'd be glad to hear from you.

Our study today, we're going to once again start in 2 Timothy chapter 2, verse 15. Last time we talked about rightly dividing the word of truth, and we talked about it primarily in relation to the gospel of the kingdom and the gospel of the grace of God. Paul said in 2 Timothy chapter 2, verse 15, "Study to show yourself approved unto God, a workman that needs not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth."

I have a chart here that I want you to look at, if you will, and I have all the books of the New Testament outlined here on the board. Of course, first of all, there would be the Old Testament. And then we have the books of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. And by the way, the way they're laid out on the board here is exactly how they're laid out in your Bible. Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, then the book of Acts. And then the next 13 books in your Bible are Romans through Philemon. These are the books that Paul wrote. The Apostle Paul wrote 13 letters, and those are Romans through Philemon. Then the other books of the Bible are Hebrews through Revelation.

Now, as I pointed out last time, I believe that all Scripture is given by the inspiration of God. I believe that all the Bible is profitable. All the Bible is written for us. It's all equally inspired. But Paul said when he wrote to Timothy, he said, "Timothy, consider what I say, and the Lord give you understanding in all things."

Now last time we talked about the gospel. Paul said, "I'm not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believeth, to the Jew first and also to the Greek." Obviously, if the gospel is the power of God unto salvation, then we want to know which gospel it is that we have to believe today in order to be saved. You say, "What do you mean, which gospel?" Well, what I mean is that there's certainly more than one gospel in the Bible.

Last time, we noticed the gospel of the kingdom was the gospel that Jesus Christ Himself preached. He said in Matthew 4:23, "Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom." Matthew 9:35, "Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom." We saw in Matthew 10, as He sent out the twelve, He told them to go out and preach the kingdom of heaven is at hand. We saw in Matthew 16 that this gospel could not have included the death and resurrection, for they did not even know that at that time. And I would encourage you to read Matthew 16 and see that Peter and the other disciples did not even know that Christ was going to die. They rebuked Him when He said He was, and yet they had been preaching this gospel of the kingdom.

And then we talked about the fact that Paul's gospel is called the gospel of Christ, and it's also called the gospel of the grace of God. The gospel of the grace of God is the good news of His grace, that today we are saved by believing that glorious gospel that Paul preached, that Christ died for our sins, was buried, and was raised again for our justification. And so the apostle Paul was given this gospel according to Acts 20, verse 24, according to 1 Corinthians 15:1, he said, "Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also you have received and wherein you stand." He tells us that gospel is that Christ died for our sins, was buried, and was raised again the third day according to the Scriptures.

Now I want today to continue with some things, some contrast between the gospel of the kingdom and the gospel of the grace of God. You see, just to simply say that there's a difference in these is not enough. We need to search the Scriptures and see if these things be true. I would encourage you to always do that, whether it's me, the preacher, or any other preacher that you're listening to. You need to always check out what is being said by the Word of God. That's why Paul said to study to show yourself approved. We need to study the Bible earnestly and know what God has to say for us today in the dispensation of the grace of God.

I want you to notice back in Matthew chapter 3, if you will, some more things about the gospel of the kingdom. In Matthew chapter 3, John the Baptist, the forerunner of Jesus Christ, came forth preaching. It says in verse 1, "In those days came John the Baptist, preaching in the wilderness of Judea, and saying, 'Repent ye, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.'" In that interest, he's preaching the same thing that Jesus was preaching in Matthew chapter 4, in Matthew chapter 9, that He told the disciples to preach in Matthew 10, the kingdom of heaven is at hand.

Notice down in verse 7, he said, when he saw many of the Pharisees—I'm sorry, let's go back up to verse 6, "And were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins. But when he saw many of the Pharisees and Sadducees come to his baptism, he said unto them, 'O generation of vipers, who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come? Bring forth therefore fruits meet for repentance.'"

And so we see that John goes out preaching this gospel of the kingdom, baptizing them in Jordan who are confessing their sins.

In Matthew chapter 3, verse 6 is through 13, that account there, we see that as John baptizes, they're in Jordan, there are many who come to that baptism and he encourages them to repent of the thought that they are part of the kingdom simply by being Abraham's seed.

In Mark chapter 1, verse 9, it says it came to pass in those days that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee and was baptized of John in Jordan.

Luke chapter 3, verse 7, then said he to the multitude that came forth to be baptized of him, "O generation of Ipers, who have warned you to flee from the wrath to come."

Then we see over in Matthew chapter 28, when Jesus Christ gives the great commission, he says there in Matthew 28, verse 18, "Jesus came and spoken to them saying, 'All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth, go ye there for and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever have planted you and low on with you all way, even unto the end of the world.'"

And then in Mark chapter 16, a favorite verse of those that believe in baptismal regeneration, it says in verse 16, "He that believeeth and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeeth not shall be damned." And these signs shall follow them that believe: in my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues; they shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover.

You know, it's interesting folks that the gospel of the kingdom includes these things, and yet people seem to simply want to pick and choose the parts that they obey. The gospel of the kingdom included repentance as we read there in Matthew chapter 3. The gospel of the kingdom included water baptism. He said repent and be baptized. He said those that believe and are baptized shall be saved.

It's interesting that there are many who preach Mark 16:16, a salvation for today, and yet this is the salvation that was associated with the nation Israel. It is not the salvation for the church, the body of Christ; it's the salvation for Israel. He said he that believeeth and is baptized shall be saved, and there are some that they claim that verse, and they believe that you must be baptized in order to be saved. But it's interesting that they don't follow verse 17. "These signs shall follow them that believe: in my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues; they shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover." It's interesting how people will take certain verses, and they will apply those to their doctrine, but they will not apply the other verses in the same passage.

Well, in Mark chapter 16, he said these signs shall follow them that believe. Who are those that believe? He that believeth and is baptized, he said shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be damned. Now, you don't have to explain away the verses. The verses are clear. Water baptism was part of Israel's salvation. John came forth preaching the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins. Jesus Christ told them to go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature, baptizing them that believe. He said here, "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved." You can believe the verse means exactly what it says. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. Peter in Acts chapter 2, verse 38 preached exactly what Christ told him to preach, repenting and baptized for the remission of sins.

Now, I believe that those verses mean what they say, but those verses are not written to the church, the body of Christ. Again, as we look at the chart, those books over there, the book of Acts, it has to do in the first eight chapters, it's the ministry of the twelve continues what was started and what they were taught in Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. But when Paul is, say, Paul is given the gospel of the grace of God, he was given the dispensation of the grace of God, and given the dispensation of the grace of God, he preached the gospel of the grace of God, and he said in Ephesians chapter 4 that there's just one baptism. 1 Corinthians 12:13 says, "For by one spirit are we all baptized into one body." That is the one baptism for the church, the body of Christ. The baptism with water is a baptism that was for the nation Israel, and it was part of the gospel of the kingdom.

You know what's interesting? Let me just mention this while we're here in Mark chapter 16, verse 17 through 18. I was watching a program not long ago where a man and his wife had been handling serpents in accordance with verse 18. And both of these people had died as a result of handling these serpents. They had five children and there was a court case going on to determine which set of grandparents were going to get custody of these children. And I saw the video of the man handling the snake there in the church service. And the man was handling the snake and it bit him and he fell down on the floor and he died right there in the auditorium. And I thought about this verse of scripture. Why is it that they would follow verse 18 where it says they shall take up serpents? And if they drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them. And it also says they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. Wonder why someone didn't lay hands on that man after he was bitten with that snake and make him recover if they had indeed the power promised in verse 18. Well folks, the point is that they did not have that power. These verses are associated with the nation Israel. They have to do with a ministry that is a kingdom of priests. They have to do with a ministry that will be carried on during the tribulation period.

And this is in no way associated with the church, the body of Christ that today is being formed by the preaching of the gospel of the grace of God.

So the gospel of the kingdom included water baptism. And as we said a moment ago, Peter followed this ministry to a tee. Jesus Christ said in Luke chapter 24 that repentance and remission of sins should be preached beginning at Jerusalem. Well, what did Peter preach in Acts 2:38? He said, "Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost."

You know, not only that the gospel of the kingdom not only included water baptism, it included the keeping of the law. In Matthew chapter 19, verse 16, the Bible says, "And behold, one came and said unto him, 'Good master, what good things shall I do that I may have eternal life?' And he said unto him, 'Why callest thou me good? There is none good but one, that is God. But if thou wilt enter into life, keep the commandments.'" He saith unto them which? And Jesus said, "Thou shalt do no murder, thou shalt not commit adultery, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not bear false witness, honor thy father and thy mother, and thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." The young man saith unto him, "All these things have I kept from my youth up: what lack I yet?" Jesus said unto him, "If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me."

Now, you know, you need to seriously consider this, those of you who believe in salvation by grace and yet you go to Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John and try to base your church doctrine upon those books. Here is a passage where Jesus Christ was asked, "What must I do to have eternal life?" and He said, "Keep the commandments." Would you tell somebody that today? Would you tell somebody if they came to you and asked you, "What must I do to have eternal life?" would you say, "Keep the commandments"? Well, I certainly would not, and neither should you if you believe the Bible means what it says where it says it into him it says it. We know that today Paul said in Romans chapter 7 we're not under the law; we've been made free from the law. Today salvation is by grace through faith. Well then, what are we saying here? I'm saying that you cannot take the doctrine of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John and apply it to the church today. Sure, we should study it; sure, we should read Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John; sure, we should be for me with those things, but we need to understand that those things have to do with a kingdom that was promised to Israel, and that kingdom had a gospel that was associated with it. And that gospel included repentance; that gospel included water baptism; that gospel included keeping the law, like He said right here. And not only that, He said, "If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me." But when the young man heard that saying, he went away sorrowful, for he had great possessions. Would you tell somebody today that they had to forsake all in order to be saved? Well, certainly they do not; they have to believe that Christ died for their sins, was buried, and was raised again; they have to simply trust in Him. But this kingdom gospel, it required selling out; it required total commitment; it required discipleship like the disciples when they laid down their nets; they gave up everything. While Peter said, "We have forsaken all, and followed thee." This man came to Jesus, and people say today, "Well, Jesus was just putting him to a test." No, He was not; He was telling him the absolute truth concerning the kingdom and entrance into that kingdom. As a matter of fact, in another place right further down in the chapter here He talks about how it is harder for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of heaven than for a camel to go through the eye of a needle.

And so we see that there are several things associated with this gospel of the kingdom. There's repentance. Well, there were numerous references to repentance in Matthew chapter 3: He said, "Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand." Matthew 4:17: "From that time Jesus began to preach and say, 'Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.'" Mark 1:15: "And saying, 'The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of heaven is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.'" You see, the repentance had to do with turning, having a change of mind about who Christ was and how you could be part of this kingdom. The water baptism was for the remission of sins, looking into the time when Christ would come again and establish the covenant with the nation Israel. The keeping of the law had to do with obedience to the law that God had given them. And so when this man came to Christ and asked him, he said, "What must I do?" and He said, "Keep the law." As a matter of fact, in Matthew chapter 23, Jesus Christ in verse 1 spoke to His disciples, and in verse 2 it says, "Saying, 'The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat: all therefore whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do.'" Well, what would the scribes who sat in Moses' seat be teaching? Obviously they would be teaching the law. And Jesus said, "Whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do." Jesus Christ taught His disciples to keep the law. And in Matthew 28, when He sent them out with a great commission, He said, "Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you." Well, if He commanded them to keep the law, and He told them to go into all the world and preach the gospel, and "Go ye therefore, and teach all nations," and then He says in verse 20, "Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." It's obvious that Jesus Christ Himself taught His disciples to keep the law and told them to teach others to keep the law. As a matter of fact, as far as Acts chapter 20:21, it talks about there were thousands of Jews which believed, and they were all zealous of the law. Well, I want you

To notice what Paul said about these things when he is talking about the gospel of the grace of God in Romans chapter 3, he says in verse 21, "But now." In other words, again, if you look at the chart, but now today in the dispensation of the grace of God, in the period of time that was in which we're living, and the doctrine for the church's body of Christ in this dispensation, "But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets." While Jesus Christ certainly didn't say that? Jesus Christ said to that man, "If you want to enter into heaven, keep the commandments," and he said, "Well, I've kept all of them," and he said, "Well then go and sell what you have." And you know, it's interesting that as a part of that gospel being to sell out, we find that the apostles once again followed exactly what Christ said. What does it say in Acts chapter 2? It said that they brought what they had and laid it to apostles' feet, and they had all things common. You know, it's always been interesting to me that there are those who believe that the church started in Acts chapter 2, and they'll take the repentance in the water baptism, and yet the Bible says all that believed were together and had all things common. Acts 2:44, Acts 2:45 says, "And they sold their possessions and goods and parted into all men as every man had need." Well, they followed — they believed exactly what Christ had told them, that was to forsake all that they had. But Paul said in Romans chapter 3, "The righteousness of God now is being witnessed by the law and the prophets, and it is the righteousness of God without the law." He says, "Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ until all and upon all them that believe. Further, is no difference." In Romans chapter 10 verse 1, Paul's desire there is for Israel, and he says, "Brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is they might be saved. For I bear them record that they have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge." And I notice what he says: "For they being ignorant of God's righteousness, and going about to establish their own righteousness, have not submitted themselves unto the righteousness of God. For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone that believeth." Now, there's probably a lot of you listening to this broadcast right now that you believe salvation is by grace, you believe that Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone that believeth. Well then, I want to ask you something: why is it you would go back to Matthew, Mark, Luke and John and take kingdom doctrine that is written directly to the Jews, to the nation Israel, and try to place people under that doctrine today, unless it is that you are simply using that in order to try to control them? You see, under grace there is liberty, there's the glorious liberty of knowing that our sins are forgiven and that our salvation is not based upon how much money we give or how often we go to church or how faithful we are to church. The glorious liberty of grace is knowing that our salvation is based upon what Jesus Christ did on the cross plus nothing. And so today, right, the righteousness of God is imputed to all those that believe. Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone that believeth. So the gospel of the grace of God: it does not include water baptism, it does not include keeping the commandments, it does not include forsaking what you have and selling out, it doesn't include turning from your sins or turning over and you like leaf are giving your life to Jesus, are committing your life to the Lord, it doesn't include all those things. What does it include? Well, notice what Paul said to the Ephesians in Ephesians chapter 1 verse 12. He said, "That we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ." Notice the emphasis in trusting in whom. He also trusted after that he heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation, and whom also after that you believed, you were sealed that holy spirit of promise. Here in Ephesians chapter 2 verse 8, Paul says, "For by grace are you saved through faith, and that not of yourself, it is the gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast." Thank God today that we're operating under a new program. We're operating in the dispensation of the grace of God. We're not under the law, we're not under the commandments, we're not — we don't have to keep the commandments in order to be saved, we don't have to be baptized in order to be saved. All a person has to do today is believe the gospel. What is that? Well, last time we talked about that in detail, but let me mention to you the gospel is found in 1 Corinthians 15:1 through 4. That gospel is that Christ died for our sins according to scriptures, he was buried, and he was raised again the third day according to the scriptures. Paul said, "I was given this gospel to testify," and he said over in Acts 20:24 that his ministry was to testify the gospel of the grace of God. He said, "I'm not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God and salvation to everyone that believeth, to the Jew first and also to the Greek." You see why there's so much confusion today about salvation? Well, a person goes to one church and they hear you got to walk the aisle, they go to another church and they hear you got to be baptized, they go somewhere else and they hear that you've got to join the church, they go somewhere else and they hear you've got to do penance and you've got to learn the catechism, and they go somewhere else and you've got to do this and you got to do that. But folks, I've got good news for you today: everything that was needed to be done for your salvation was done two thousand years ago when Jesus Christ hung on that cross and died for your sins. The word gospel literally means good news. Well, the good news today is that Christ died for you, he reconciled you to God by his death, and all of your sins are forgiven.

Issue today is not what you did yesterday or what you did today or what you will do tomorrow. The issue is what do you believe? Do you you either believe today that you're somehow going to be able to save yourself and bring about your own salvation by your works, or that you're somehow going to help God save you? Are you believe that Christ died for you, was buried, and was raised again the third day, and his blood is all that's needed to cleanse you from all unrighteousness?

If you have never trusted Jesus Christ as your Savior, I want to invite you right now to consider that the gospel of the kingdom was for the nation Israel. The gospel of the grace of God given to the apostle Paul does not include water baptism, it does not include turning over new leaf, it does not include keeping the law, are selling out, are forsaking all. All that it includes is the simple fact that Jesus Christ paid the ransom for you. He died for your sins, and if you will believe that and trust in him, he'll save you for Christ sake. Why don't you do that right now? Why don't you just quit being deceived and quit trusting in the fact that somewhere along the way you joined the church and did good and got baptized, and for once in your life put your faith totally and completely in what Jesus Christ did for you at Calvary?

Grace Bible Church extends to you and your family a cordial invitation to join us for our Sunday services. Bible classes begin at 10 a.m. with morning service at 11 and in formal evening Bible study at 6 p.m. For more information, phone 847-0768.