---
title: "001 (en) saturns rise maze matrix burn-in 1280x720 x264"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\ORG-NOTES\Social-Media-Captures\GMP\GMP\GMP-Unknown-001_(en)_saturns_rise_maze_matrix_burn-in_1280x720_x264-20230321.md"
---
[GMP-Unknown-001_(en)_saturns_rise_maze_matrix_burn-in_1280x720_x264-20230321.mp4](<file:///F:/O/ORG/Social Media Video Wisdom (ORG)/GMP/GMP/GMP-Unknown-001_(en)_saturns_rise_maze_matrix_burn-in_1280x720_x264-20230321.mp4>)

## Description


## Transcript
You may be too much in time. It don't make a difference in our house. And this is right. Too many times, I let my feelings hide. I act like it's all over. You don't know how I feel inside. Too many times, I let my feelings hide. In the beginning, they always act like it's all over. And from this pool, no came out. No came out. And while one day bitches is going down on the spot, act like I'm holding the clamp. Act like I'm holding out. And house music with one. I am your city. I am the creator. Just another example of the absolute occult satanic nature of the lyrics and what they truly mean. Gonna quickly have a look at these lyrics in a second. But Jack is Satan. Jack in the box when Christ died, he had to become the curse to defeat it. He who knew no sin became sin, so that we might become the righteousness of God in him. Who prays to the Father and thanks to the Father for just an incredible way of rescuing us from this fallen house. We are in a fallen house. As this song says, in the house of Jack. Satan quite literally is the God of this world. The machine that runs this reality. The machine that runs this fallen time and space ox world. Satan is quite literally the God of this world. We are spirit soul in flesh. In we are in a prison. We are in okay. We've been arrested. We've been arrested. And we are in this hold, waiting kind of. I guess not purgatory, but I don't believe in a purgatory after you die. But for all intent and purposes, this place is that waiting room. And the decision time and the test to see who you want to follow. And Satan the machine, which I'm going to go into in the next video a little bit more. But as to reasons why Satan is that machine that runs this reality, a few interesting points to talk about. But Lucifer never created anything without the Father's knowledge power, and it was literally just abused.