---
title: "post 2813"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\May\post_2813.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2023
comments: 9
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-06T23:42:13.031698
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: ----M-ay2-6,----------2---0---2-3--
---

## Content

WHAT IS CORRECT ANSWER TO THE SERPENT'S QUESTION?
Let's review Genesis 1 - 3:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Genesis 1:29
"God" [Elohim] said "every tree".
Genesis 2:8,9
"LORD God" [Yehova Elohim] planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed.
And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to sight and good for food; the tree of life "also" in the "midst" of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
Genesis 2:16&17
And the "LORD[Yehova] God[Elohim]" commanded the man (note: woman still in man), saying:
Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat:
But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.
note: that's not just "God", but "LORD God"
every tree & not every tree = contrary commands = oxymoron.
Genesis 2:21-23
And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead thereof;
And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from man, made he a woman, and brought her unto the man.
And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man.
Genesis 3:1
"LORD God" made a serpent more subtil than any beast of field.
Serpent question to Woman:
yea, hath "God" said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden? (aka: did "God"[Elohim] say Genesis 2:17)?
(aka did "God" say both every tree & not every tree = oxymoron?)
Genesis 3:2,3 Woman reply to serpent question:
And the woman said unto the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden:
But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, "God" [Elohim] hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest ye die.
note: Woman's reply to serpent is as if "God" hath said both every tree and not every tree: contrary commands; Which combined make God an oxymoron.
1Timothy 2:14 KJV
And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression.
Hmmm...
What's your insights about correct answer to serpent's question?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen

