---
title: "post 2707"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\March\post_2707.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2023
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-06T21:34:13.654522
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: M---a---rc---h--2-7-,-----2-0---2---3----
---

## Content

ISRAEL?
Some recent reported events:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
The 
United States Embassy in Jerusalem has told Americans to "Leave Israel Immediately." The country of Israel is descending rapidly into what some have called "Civil War."
Unions have gone on strike.  The airports have all shut down.  Restaurants, banks, shopping malls, have all joined in a national strike against proposed changes to the government that would basically gut the Judiciary of Israel.
Members of the Israeli military are openly DESERTING after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu FIRED the Defense Minister for opposing judicial reforms.
Former Prime Minister Ehud Barack says Netanyahu and his "gang" are "acting insane and bringing civil war to the country."
Israel's Counsel General in New York has resigned.
For almost a whole week, hundreds-of-thousands of protestors have taken to the streets in every major city of the country.
There are now open calls from the far right inside Israel, for people to "take up arms" against left-wingers in the country.
Israel is descending into chaos . . . . just days after introducing legislation that would make it a criminal offense, punishable by two years prison, for discussing . . .  Jesus. . . anywhere in the country or online. 
Interesting turn of events.
What are your opinions & insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

