---
title: "post 1741"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\June\post_1741.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:30:54.091214
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Let's COMPARE how 1st "FINISHED" [teleioo] before cross (Jn 17:2-4) -vs- 2nd "IT IS FINISHED" [teleo] at cross (Jn 19:30) DIFFER; And phrase "it is finished" [teleo] in Jn 19:30 -vs- "it is finished" [apoteleo] in Jam 1:15 DIFFER in greek. Why? Because... 
- In a "race" 1st finished = "win", but 2nd finished = "place".
- God said "I will have mercy, and not 
sacrifice": Mt 9:13.
- Post-cross risen Jesus of Nazareth still damned: Mk16:16.
- Blood shed can only "almost" purge all things: Heb 9:22.
- Sacrifice offered "for sin" is offered "by the law": Heb 10:8. 
- Even once & for all didn't end "enemies": Heb 1:13; 10:13.
- Eternal Life is life[zoe] void of sacrifice, blood shed, death.
John 17:2-4 (1st "finished" [teleioo] = give eternal life = win):
"As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him. And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent. I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do".
John 19:30 (2nd "it is finished" [teleo] = sacrifice = place).
"When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost".
James 1:15 (re "it" & "it is finished" [apoteleo] brings death).
"Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin: and sin, when it is finished, bringeth forth death".
Jude 1:21b (keep looking for the mercy, not the sacrifice):
"Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life".
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

