---
title: "post 3501"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\September\post_3501.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T01:06:53.741943
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

LORD vs God 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Many assume the Old Testament LORD [Yehova: Jehovah] is God. But, the Bible allegory contrasts LORD vs God as if LAW vs Grace.
Some 
examples:
God said take two: male & female: Genesis 6:19.
LORD said clean by sevens & not clean by two: Gen 7:2.
So, God & LORD not only DIFFER by name, but by command.
the day of the LORD is darkness, and not light: Amos 5:18.
that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all: 1John 1:5.
So, LORD & God are as DIFFERENT as darkness & light.
note:
It's why Jesus Luke 11:35 said:
take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not darkness.
LORD will utterly forget & forsake you: Jeremiah 23:39.
God will never leave thee nor forsake thee: Hebrews 13:5.
day of the LORD comes as destruction: Isaiah 13:6.
day of God comes as salvation: 1Thessalonians 5:9.
LORD creates darkness and evil: Isaiah 45:7.
God is light and (grace) good [agathos].
LORD both saved and afterward destroyed: Jude 1:5.
God both saves and truths all men: 1Timothy 2:4.
So, LORDGod mix is an oxymoron: contrary things mixed.
Eg: every tree & not every tree: Genesis 2:16,17.
note:
God said every tree: Genesis 1:29,
So, God would not also say not every tree;
For if "God" said both, it would make God an oxymoron.
It is why serpent asked woman: did "God" say Gen 2:17?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. 
Amen.

