---
title: "post 2046"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\November\post_2046.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2020
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:08:27.472013
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -Augu-----s--t-6-,---2-----0-----2-----0-
---

## Content

Are we in a Simulation? What's your opinion of these?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Don (retired pastor) said: I am starting to believe we live in a science experiment.
Some 
scientists now say: we live in some sort of simulation.
TruthStreamMedia tweeted: anyone else feel like they've been living in a movie?
Edward (meditator) commented: yep...a virtual reality program.
Biblical Paul: 2 sons of Abraham by 2 mothers are 2 covenants, which things are an "allegory"; And Hagar (Ishmael's mom) = Mt Sinai (aka the law): Galatians 4.
KJV Bible: uses unique word "shew" for the allegoric mystery.
Biblical Peter: Time Allegory: 1 day = 1000 years & 1000 years = 1 day: 2Peter 3:8.
Sci-fi movies/shows: portray things like Matrix, Star Trek Hollograghic rooms with computerized materials & characters.
Media: "worst"←BC scenarios & "death" tolls, in diverse places ww, manifested in both news & weather since Y2Ks. Interesting this stuff began when modern bibles had removed "Christ" from their end in Revelation 22:21; And word "worst" only occurs once in OT Ezekiel 7:24←BC. Hmmm.
What if (because our true reality in spirit is eternal life):
we're not really here, but as if manifested here, by simulation or similitude, when watch a biblical duality shew whereby In the beginning the world began, to then both watch & also play a part in an allegoric mystery written aforetime for our learning?
Seems Jesus allegory Mt 24:13 said hey folks, if you began the mystery, then it requires endure to the end to be saved (as if from whatever began that we need to be saved from).
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

