---
title: "post 1710"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\May\post_1710.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:25:59.661463
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M-a-----y-2---9,---------2-01-----9
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
OPPOSITES. In a bible story noting it's written "aforetime" as "allegory" & "mystery" for "our learning", a begin requiring "endure unto the end" to be saved from whatever began, takes us through many opposites & mystery reversals (twists) to contrast; Not only of many duality things left vs right, but also of things under vs above. Here's some of many such:
create(bara) -vs- make(asah), of twain, God did not say let us create man, but said "let us make(asah) man": Gen 1:26a
image(tselem) -vs- likeness(demuwth), as if twain options for make man, occur as before & after, as if for compare-i-son:
"in our image" = before mode, "after our likeness" = "after".
(1Cor15:46 notes twain as "natural first, spiritual afterward").
For me, Spirit prompted look in mirror to see image reversed; then prompted show LIVE to mirror, will reverse it to EVIL.
LORD(Yehovah) -vs- God(Elohyim) differ in Noah's Ark story: God said 2; LORD said clean by 7, not clean by 2. Gen 6&7.
LORD will forsake you -vs- God will never forsake you: 
Jeremiah 23:39 -vs- Hebrews 13:5
day of the LORD -vs- day of God as law -vs- grace allegory being "darkness" (Amos 5:18) -vs- "light" (1Jn 1:5) 
old creature -vs- new creature: Rom 8:20 vs 2Cor 5:17
old man('anthropos') -vs- new man('aner'): Rom 2:1 vs 4:8.
law -vs- grace of Moses -vs- JC as if lie -vs- truth: Jn 1:17
Son of man -vs- Son of God as contrary voices: Jn 5:25-29; Say reverse of things like "life eternal" -vs- "eternal life".
Jesus as 2Sons=2Voices -vs- Christ as 1Son: Son of God, as why "gospel of Christ" is "through our Lord  Jesus→Christ".
Holy Ghost -vs- Spirit of truth as 1st/2nd Comforters: Jn14-16
NotPeace -vs- Peace as 2 voices of Jesus: Lk12:2 & Lk24:36
Ye(err) are from beneath -vs- I am from above: Jn 8:23  
Under Law -vs- Under Grace as 2 Unders: Rom 6:14; Then heart established With Grace, as if neither Under: Heb13:9
"eternal damnation" -vs- "eternal salvation": Mk3:29&Heb5:9
"eternal judgment" -vs- "eternal life": Heb 6:2&Tit1:2
allegory as if contrasting man can lie -vs- God cannot lie.
"Christ Jesus" -vs- "Jesus Christ" as mediator & reconciler. God called us by CJ, but reconciled us by JC: 2Cor 5:18.
The CJ & JC contrast is explained in Philippians 2:5-11. 
Old Way→New Way→New and Living Way
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

