---
title: "post 0460"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2015\June\post_0460.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2015
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-10T02:53:30.502686
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WHICH IS WITCH? 
Perhaps BOTH of these Law←PluralGod→BetterLaw are WITCH;
For NEITHER of these Old/New f-Laws are yet Grace or AllTruth.
Seems why PaulTheApostle ended ToTheHebrews with "Grace".
So, 
when I see things like "believe [it] not" be mentioned TWICE,
it reminds me be neither of them←vs→them nor them←vs→us;
Since neither of duality & dualism partiality is like the TrueGod.
Eg: be not children:1Cor14:20←&→be no more children: Eph4:14,
reminds me be neither children of wicked←nor→children of God;
For God said "let us make man" (is not children←vs→children).
Be NEITHER of servants of sin←vs→servants of righteousness.
For "child" differs nothing from a "servant". Neither are "friend";
And both child & servant need to be told what to do & not do.
NEITHER "troubled" Zacharias←nor→"troubled" Mary,
who notably BOTH got "troubled" by the angel Gabriel;
Zacharias about where Gabe stood, Mary by what Gabe said.
Seems why "let not your heart be troubled" is mentioned x2.
Perhaps it was Gabriel who "troubled" the water at Bethesda,
maybe why JC did not help impotent man into troubled water. 
POINT: MoreExcellentWay, ↑above↑ the twain is 
NEITHER BroadMinded←NOR→NarrowMinded.
So, if Truth be kNOWn: CharityNeverFaileth is
Neither EVOLution←Nor→Love(waxeth cOLD).

