---
title: "post 2082"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\January\post_2082.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2021
comments: 3
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:33:56.205932
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: D--e----cem-be--r----4-----,-----20--2-----0---
---

## Content

Comparing FINISHED [teleioo] & FINISHED [teleo] in John 17:4 &   19:30 REVEALS Jesus 17:4 said he'd already "finished" the "work" of "give eternal life" BEFORE THE CROSS. Where, How??
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
John 17:2-4 KJV (before cross, bracket info mine): As thou (Father) hast given him (thy Son) power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him. And 
this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ (grace & truth) whom thou hast sent. I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished [teleioo] the work (give eternal life) which thou gavest me to do.
When Spirit prompted me to Greek search & notice a teleioo & teleo contrast for "finished" before & at cross, it made me question: if Jesus finished giving eternal life before cross, where? & how? 
Seems 
it may have been by his contrast revealing what God is not, but is, as in Luke 20:38 KJV: "For he is not a God of the dead, but of the living: for all live unto him".  Seems allegory meaning may be God is not law, but grace, as not giver of life & death, but of eternal life.
Yet Romans 6:23b clarifies "the gift of God is eternal life THROUGH  Jesus Christ our Lord", 
as if through 2Sons Jesus mode to 1SonChrist mode; 
For in Jesus mode he noted he was still 2Sons: Son of man & Son of God with 2 voices, as noted in John 5:25-29. 
What is your insight of how Jesus gave eternal life before cross?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

