---
title: "post 2820"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\May\post_2820.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T23:42:30.571894
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: ------M-ay---2-3,---------20-2----3
---

## Content

3 Greek kinds of "US" in 2Corinthians 5:14-21 KJV. 
hemas (accusative), hemin (dative), hemon (genitive)
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
2Cor 
5:14
For the love of Christ constraineth us [HEMAS]; because we thus judge, that if one died for all, then were all dead:
2Cor 5:18
And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us [HEMAS} to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us [HEMIN] the ministry of reconciliation;
2Cor 5:19
To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us [HEMIN] the word of reconciliation.
2Cor 5:20
Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us [HEMON]: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God.
2Cor 5:21
For he hath made him to be sin for us [HEMON], who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.
What are your insights about us = hemas, hemin, hemon ?
1Cor 15:57 
But thanks [charis: grace thanks] be to God, which giveth us [HEMIN] the victory through our Lord Jesus → Christ.
Hebrews 7:26
For such an high priest became us [HEMIN], who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

