---
title: "post 3011"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\October\post_3011.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:21:47.677923
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"God" is NOT an oxymoron, 
who would say 2 CONTRARY things (like "LORD God" said):
may freely eat "every tree" & NOT every tree + surely die lie.
So,
"God" did NOT say both Gen 1:29 & Gen 2:17 = CONTRARY.
Problem is: Woman said "God" did say Gen 2:17, and many say it.
So,
Let's all RE-READ Genesis 1 - 4 to learn God did NOT say Gen 2:17.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Many still say: "God" told man if you eat the tree of knowledge, you will surely die. THIS is NOT true, aka a LIE.
"God" did NOT say Gen 2:17, it was "LORD God" [Yehova Elohim].
Note:
"God" said "every tree": Genesis 1:29, 
So, only Gen 2:16's
may "freely" eat "every tree" = "of God": Gen 1:29; 2:16; 1Cor 2:12.
Genesis 1:29 KJV ("God" said "every tree")
And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and "EVERY TREE", in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.
Genesis 2:16,17 KJV ("LORD God" says 2 CONTRARY commands):
And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of "EVERY TREE" of the garden thou mayest "FREELY" eat:
But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.
note: Genesis 2:16 + 17's both every tree & not every tree = CONTRARY commands, allegory of LAWED Grace, ends DEAD. 
So then,
Gen 2:16's "every tree" thou may "freely" eat = "of God",
Gen 2:17's not every tree, surely die lie, is NOT "of God".
note: see 1Cor 2:12 for only "freely" given us = "of God".
Allegory:
Gen 2:16 = grace, of God, (as if above of under/above).
Gen 2:17 = law, NOT of God (but allegory as if under).
note:
To mingle grace + law = an oxymoron: 2 CONTRARY THINGS.
It's why Christ TWICE refused "mingled" drink (grace + law),
and abolished the enmity: the "law" of twain commandments.
So,
if abolish Gen 2:17 (aka the law given by Moses: John 1:7),
then no need to add more law (10 in stone, 613 in ink), which Galatians 3:19 notes was "added" because of "transgressions".
So,
Paul Romans 4:15 KJV clarifies:
where no law, there no transgression.
Heb 10:9 says
He taketh away the first (aka law of grace + law: Gen 2:17),
that he may establish the second (aka grace & truth of JC).
Suggest we all re-read Genesis 1 - 4, to learn:
if "God" said both every tree & not every tree,
it would make "God" an oxymoron: 2 CONTRARY things.
REPEAT: if "God" said every tree & not every tree, that is an oxymoron: 2 CONTRARY things: Gen 1:29 & 2:17.
POINT: "God" is not an oxymoron.
Let "God" be true, but every man a liar: Romans 3:4.
So,
the serpent Gen 3 asked the woman (now taken out of man):
Yea, hath "God" [Elohim] said, "Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden" (aka asked her: did "God" say both Gen 1:29 & 2:17?),
Sadly the woman erroneously replied "God" hath said Gen 2:17.
Such ERROR allowed the serpent to then beguile Eve.
So Paul told Timothy, in 1Timothy 2:14 KJV
And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression (aka the woman was in the law, if Rom 4:15 noted where no law, there no transgression).
So, I suggest we NOT say "God" said Genesis 2:17.
For it was "LORD God" [YEHOVA Elohim], NOT "God".
True "God" would NEVER say CONTRARY things: Grace + Law.
Paul clarified this in 1Cor 2:12 KJV
Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God; that we might know the things that are "FREELY" given to us "of God".
note: only Gen 2:16 notes "freely" eat "every tree" = "of God",
But Gen 2:17 says not every tree, nor freely, is NOT "of God".
Note: on the cross Christ TWICE refused "mingled" drink (aka refused both grace + law: Gen 2:16 + 17), because God is NOT an oxymoron to mingle CONTRARY things: Law vs Grace, nor would true God say law's surely die lie: Gen 2:17. 
God promised "eternal life": Romans 6:23; Titus 1:2.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

