---
title: "post 0104"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\April\post_0104.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T20:38:57.630319
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery: "receive the promise" is "after" do the will of God.
Eg: Hebrews 10:36 KJV
"For ye have need of patience, that, 
after ye have done the will of God, 
ye 
might receive the promise". 
The will of God to do, before, 
to receive the promise, after, is:
"I will have mercy, and not sacrifice": Eg:
Ps 40:6; 51:16; Hos 6:6; Mt 9:13; 12:7; Heb 10: all.
The promise is neither plural promises, nor to plural seeds, 
but the promise, and to the seed, Christ. Eg: Galatians 3:16
"Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. 
He saith not, And to seeds, as of many; but as of one, 
And to thy seed, which is Christ". 
So the "generation" (genesis) of "Jesus Christ", in Mt 1,
- does not begin with Adam, but rather with "Abraham";
- also does not end with Jesus, but rather with "Christ".
1Cor 15 reveals a seed has to be buried to grow up.
Modern tech notes a scarred seed rises up in 3 days.
Col 3 says if risen with Christ, it's as "above" ground.
So we reckon ourselves as buried & risen with Christ.
For two Sons Jesus is allegorically like plural seeds,
plural generations (genea) of Adam, in whom all die;
But one Son Christ is allegorically like "the seed",
to whom "the promise" was made, and
by whom the promise is also received;
But "after" firstly doing the will of God:
I will have mercy, and not sacrifice, which
allegory meaneth I will have grace, not law.
So John 3:17 KJV comes after 3:16 and clarifies: 
"God sent not his Son to condemn the world, 
[but] that through him the world might be saved". 
It's like allegory saying, of this/that: 
not this (law = condemnation = sacrifice), 
but that (grace & truth = salvation = mercy).
Notice "saved" is not this (law), but that (grace); And 
that of this/that is clarified as "through him" (John 3:17)... 
also further clarified as "through his name" (John 20:31)... 
further...more as "through Jesus → Christ" (Romans x7); 
Because Jesus mode has both justification + condemnation, 
but Christ mode has no condemnation, all justified by grace; 
Because Jesus was only the mend of the law (Mt 5:43,44), 
but "Christ is the end of the law" (Rom 10:4; Eph 2:15).
Also, if you can receive it, John 19:30's "it is finished" 
is the second of two mentions of "finished" in Jn 17 & 19. 
The first "finished" is before the cross. 
The second "finished" is a the cross.
The interesting thing about such is: 
first finished a human race* is called "win", and 
second finished a human race is called "place". 
*1Cor 9:24-27 talks of run a race, also Heb 12:1;
And Rom 5:20 talks of grace pace = much more.
Ponder this, then seek n find mention of "win" and "place". 
Ask God for wisdom about it, according to James 1:5-8, 
which clarifies both 
- which God to ask (the God who "upbraideth not") and 
- how to ask that God was in Christ ("nothing wavering"), 
not like a wave of sea gets tossed to & fro by contrary winds. 
For double minded man is unstable both ways, if plural ways.
So James 1:15 seems to say, about Jn 19:30's "it is finished", 
the law imputed sin, when it is finished, brings death (not life). 
That: that God sent his Son to bring us life, not death. 
Not this: God sent not his Son to condemn the world. 
Which this/that things are an allegory (Gal 4:22-26).
Interesting allegory, also allegoric mystery, and
mystery to solve in time by seek and find (find grace), 
and also by ask to receive (aka receive the promise). 
But what's clarified in Hebrews 10, where we go to learn 
what I will have mercy, and not sacrifice meaneth (Mt 9:13), 
is clarity receive the promise comes after do the will of God; 
And what's clarified in Hebrews 11, 
which is more like a hall of shame than a hall of fame, is 
these all (them) got a good report, but received not the promise.
So, Heb 11 concludes God provided some "better" thing for us. 
Interesting stuff, especially the charity clarity stuff, and the
clarity what sort of grace should be with you all in "the end": 
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen".

