---
title: "post 3029"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\October\post_3029.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2023
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:24:31.425964
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Is There a biblical "Majesty" & "God" DIFFERENCE ??
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Reason for ODD QUESTION: 
Hebrews 1:3 & 8:1 mention right hand of a "Majesty" [Megalosyne] on high in the (plural) "heavens"; 
But 
8 other times it mentions the right hand of "God" [Theos], as being in a (singular) "heaven", and as if being "higher than the heavens" (on high) noted in Hebrews 7:26. 
Hence the question: is there a Majesty & God difference?
Examples:
Mark 16:19 (right hand of God)
So then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into (singular) heaven, and sat on the right hand of God [Theos].
Ephesians 4:10 KJV (far above all plural heavens):
He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens, that he might fill all things.)
Colossians 3:1 (right hand of God)
If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God.
Hebrews 1:3 KJV (right hand of Majesty)
Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word [rhema, not logos] of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty [Megalosyne] on high;
Hebrews 7:26 KJV (higher than the plural heavens on high):
For such an high priest became us, who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;
Hebrews 8:1 KJV (right hand of Majesty)
Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens;
Hebrews 10:12 KJV (right hand of God)
But this man (Jesus Christ: Heb 10:10), after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God;
Notes:
Seems it may allegory portray two levels of high & higher:
- right hand of God (in "heaven": "higher than the heavens").
- right hand of Majesty (on "high"[hypselos], in plural "heavens")
Paul says in Romans 12:16 mind not "high things" [hypselos]. 
2Corinthians 5:20 says be reconciled to "God" (not to Majesty).
What are your insights about Majesty & God?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

