---
title: "post 2705"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\March\post_2705.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T21:34:13.551519
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: ---M-a----rc--h-2-9---,---20------2-----3
---

## Content

WORD of God?  
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
TWO kinds of "WORD" of God in Greek: 'rhema' & 'logos', 
perhaps allegorically as if high & higher:
RHEMA (WORD of God):
Ephesians 6:17 notes the "sword of the Spirit" is the "word" (rhema) of God (when still in fight mode, needs armour: Eph 6:11-17). This is the same "sword" [machaira] Jesus said he first brought instead of peace in Mt 10:34 (when first made under the law in Gal 4:4).
note: Jesus used both rhema & logos:
Jesus John 6:63 said the words [rhema] I speak are spirit and life.
But 
Jesus Luke 21:33 said my words [logos] shall not pass away.
LOGOS (WORD of God):
Hebrews 4:12 notes the "word" (logos) of God is 7 things, 3rd of 7 being "sharper than any two-edged sword". So not the sharp twoedged sword coming out the mouth of the character in Revelation 1:16, or that such is not the word (logos) of God.
Perhaps why Paul told Timothy 2 things in 1Tim 6:12a&b: 
a = fight the good fight of faith (as if fight = rhema mode), 
b = lay hold on eternal life, also called unto (as if higher = logos).
Seems 'logos' goes higher than fight mode to rest of the story.
Perhaps as if higher grace of "God of all grace" in 1Pet 5:10.
What are your thoughts about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

