---
title: "post 2626"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\January\post_2626.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2023
comments: 3
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-06T18:17:59.980808
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

the word "REVELATION" [Greek: apokalypsis: fem noun, from apokalypto: verb] 
means: 
UNcover what's covered or hid, to reveal & aware (not accuse).
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Seems a LOT of UnCoverings (revelations) are happening now, especially when looking at alternative media and social networks; As if Jesus → Christ's biblical fore→telling about it is now in a higher gear:
Eg: Luke 12:2 KJV 
"there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not be known". 
Seems many UnCoverings are not just the usual $candal$, but now UnCoverings in every aspect of society, including bogus history, NASA lies, conspiracy hoaxes, false flags, corrupt politics, science, media, even things about religious & spiritual leaders of multiple faiths. 
Yet it seems an ELEPHANT in the room is still being ignored; And perhaps this ELEPHANT is called 'Rule of Law' & OT 'Justice'; Both still being used to spread Fear among a general populace who haven't yet learned "Law" worketh "Wrath" (Romans 4:15) is NOT what God appointed us unto (Eph 4:31; 1Thess 5:9); 
And "justice" is only an OT bible word NEVER used in NT KJV. 
Perhaps when (not if) such an ELEPHANT is real-ized among the people, we may all move fwd to "on earth peace" noted about "Christ" in Lk 2. For "Christ" of "through Jesus→Christ" is "the end of the law" (not just the OT/NT change of the law that Jesus was).
So TheEnd to ENDure unto is NOT 'Rule of Law' NOR OT Justice; But rather pure "Grace" of our Lord Jesus→Christ, as Apostle Paul noted in his grace salutations of his epistles containing revelations*.
*note: word "revelation" [apokalypsis] used 10x is used 8x by Paul.
Clarity: not said to accuse or condemn any, but to aware all it's not 2023BC, but AD2023 → only goes for-ward unto TheEnd, which is Neither OT Law ←Nor→ NT BetterLaw, but lastly pure ↑Grace↑, which is notably not against any, but "with you all", with a singular Big "Amen" to that end, which is the salutation of Paul, not John; And does not remove the word "Christ" as modern bibles do.
Eg: Revelation 22:21 KJV*
The ↑grace↑ of our Lord Jesus→↑Christ↑ [be] with you all. Amen.
*KJV does not remove "Christ" from TheEnd to ENDure unto.

