---
title: "post 1508"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\July\post_1508.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:38:37.347824
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Toronto (July 23. 2017) Shooting?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
What can be learned from another of such ever increasing scenarios that seem like a bwd trend to ill side of ill-u-sion? 
Seems ignorance is the problem when another mass killing  causes people to say 'there is no safe place'; Yet not be aware reasons why no safe place perceived is because 
- their Prime MINISTER says 'rule of law' (not Grace, mercy, peace), is what Canadians are under (instead of not under the law, but under grace), and because 
- law works wrath (violence, also deadly harm), and because 
- law is "both good and evil", it's lastly "evil concusipsence", and "evil" thereof reverse of "live", as reason no safe place when 'rule of law' (works wrath), said & believed, because 
- John the Baptist said "wrath to come", as if law to come, so wrath came upon him: he got beheaded; As if to thereby end law & prophets, especially Elijah, a violent law prophet. 
So it reasons how yet another person got taken over by the "evil concuipscence" of 'rule of law', to then do the "evil" of law works "wrath", aka become law's ministration of "death", was by people saying and people believing rule of law . So...
If leaders say 'rule of law', the more rule of law works wrath (violence), and such violence becomes deadly. For...
More people hear 'rule of law', more they cry out for a cOLD Testament law word: justice, as desiring punishment instead of mercy; Not realizing punishment of biblical law was death.
Such is not said to speak against any Prime MINISTER, nor any person (not even the shooter), nor against law; But to help aware us all God's answer to the prayer: deliver us from "evil" (Lk 11:4) is we are delivered from the "law" (Rom 7:6). 
So there is a safe place. It's in Christ is the end of the law. For where & when no law it's there & then Grace to you from God our Father, and thereby mercy, and thereby peace. So Rom 5:10 said being justified by the blood of Christ we shall be saved from (law worketh) wrath.  
So the end to endure unto, to be saved, has no mention of law, only grace, and the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ that is not against anyone, but "with you all".
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

