---
title: "post 3161"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\January\post_3161.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2024
comments: 7
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-04T01:07:57.249269
source: v3.3.02
---

## Content

1Corinthians 15:22 ... 15:45-47 ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
For 1Cor 15:45-47 KJV it gets SHOCKING to notice this:
- 
Romans 3:4 said let God be true, but EVERY man[anthropos] a liar...
- 1Cor 15:47 says last "Adam" is the second man[anthropos], is the Lord from heaven.
note: 
that's still 'anthropos' man: aka still "liar" in Rom 3:4. Woe?...
So, 
for last "Adam" = second man[anthropos] from heaven:
this must be OT Son of man[anthropos] from law heaven.
Hmmm: 
both first "Adam" & last "Adam" are 'anthropos' man.
(Romans 3:4 said let EVERY man[anthropos] be a 'liar").
But,
for "Christ", it is not anthropos, but 'aner' man: Eph 4:13.
1Cor 11:3 says the head of every man[aner] is Christ.
1Cor 13:11 says put away child-ish to become man[aner].
So,
as in "Adam" all die (1Cor 15:22), could include both 
first man[anthropos] & second man[anthropos],
aka both the first "Adam" and the last "Adam":
both are 'anthropos', neither are yet 'aner' man.
So,
it's allegory like 1/3 → 2/3 → 3/3:
(1/3=0.333 → 2/3=0.666 → 3/3=1.000)
Adam1 → Adam2 → Christ.
AllDie → AllDie → AllMadeAlive.
So, in Greek, the allegoric mystery is:
put off the old man[anthropos],
put on the new man[anthropos],
in Ephesians 4:22 & 24; But,
it is still 'anthropos' for this "new man":
aka still only 2/3 of 3.
(anthropos1 → anthropos2 → aner)
(as if good & evil → better → best).
So, Eph 4:25 says "put away lying" 
(aka put away even 2nd 'anthropos')
(as if put away better law for pure grace).
1st Adam: living soul [psyche, not zoe],
2nd Adam: quickening "spirit" [pneuma],
yet possibility of still being "spirit of error",
or in spirit mode still spirit of truth & error,
until led of (Big) Spirit into all truth (no error).
So,
when 3 things, let's see & be the 3rd of 3.
great → greater → "greatest": 1Cor 13:13.
interesting mystery details to notice, ponder, discuss.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

