---
title: "post 1807"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\September\post_1807.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:43:39.950213
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

One New Man is NOT "last Adam". Why? In Adam, first & last, all die, by still lie (law). Of anthropos/aner, last Adam: second man[anthropos] is still 'anthropos' = "liar". Let's investigate...
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
In Jn 4:24 God is a Spirit (not Ghost of Ghost/Spirit) desires worship in spirit & in truth (not just in spirit may still error). So...
In 
Rom 3:4 let God be true, but every man[anthropos] a liar. Why? For, 
of anthropos/aner kinds of "man" in greek, and
of law/grace kinds of "blessed" in Rom 4:7,8:
Only grace blessed man[aner] has no sin imputed in Rom 4:8;
Because "sin not imputed" is only when "no law" in Rom 5:13.
In Rom 10:4 Christ (of through Jesus→Christ) is the end of law is as allegory for that true Christ is the end of the lie. For in 2Sons Jesus: NT Son of God & also OT Son of man, as also OT Son of man[anthropos] he was also lawing (lying). It's not to call Jesus a liar, but to aware he revealed when 2Sons he had 2voices: "live" & "judgment also" as if truth & lie also.
Then in 1Cor 15:22 an allegory question posed is which of 
"as in Adam all die" -(or)- "in Christ shall all be made alive"(?).
It's as ask keep lying & dying -or- stop lying(lawing) so all live.
We then learn in 1Cor 15:45-47, greek mode, that in Adam all die (by lie) would include in both first man Adam & last Adam, even if first man[anthropos] Adam a living "soul", but last Adam a quickening "spirit"; of natural first, spiritual afterward;
For last Adam is second man[anthropos] = "liar" in Rom 3:4; Even though last Adam is called "the Lord from heaven". 
This poses a mind-blowing question: from which "heaven"  would come a "Lord" who'd lie (law), if God "cannot lie" is to allegory say "God of all grace" cannot law as God can't die? 
Perhaps there's lower heavens & higher than the heavens.
Seems we all have to be led of the Spirit of grace & of truth, Who will guide us to help us put away all old man mind error, by UpGrades:
- from "converted"[strepho] to "converted"[epistrepho]
- from  "knowledge"[gnosis] to "knowledge"[epignosis]
- from "man"[anthropos] to "man"[aner]
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

