---
title: "post 0422"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2015\May\post_0422.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2015
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-10T02:45:45.067804
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M---a----y---27--,---2-0---15-----
---

## Content

TRUE: The 
#grace
 (God) of our Lord Jesus Christ [is] 
#WithYouAll
;
BUT: 
#GodOfAll
: Grace: Neither makes sides←Nor→takes any side.
SO, let's not be "over against" like 
#Jesus
 was in Mark 12:41 & 13:3.
RATHER let's notice neither Law←nor→BetterLaw are yet ↑Grace↑.
It's 
why Apostle Paul's conclusion, in his epistle ToThe Hebrews, is 
"Grace (NotBetterLaw) [be] with you all. Amen"~Hebrews 13:25KJV,
and why
TheEnd to ENDure unto in Matthew 24:13...Revelation 22:21KJV is
"The grace (NotBetterLaw) of our Lord JC [be] with you all. Amen".
POINT: The Word of Truth: Grace: isn't right of left←vs→right sides,
for it would still be 
#partiality
, even if on the right side of such twain;
RATHER PureGrace is ↑above↑ all the DUALism of DoubleMinded.
SO to shine more light on rightly divide mentioned in 2Timothy 2:15:
RightlyDivide the word of truth: Grace: isn't Right of Left/Right Sides;
But WithYouAll from ↑above↑ all the sides wars of Left/Right Duality.
For there is no respect of persons (partiality) with God: Romans 2:11;
And PureWisdom from Above (GraceToU) has NoPartiality: Jas 3:17.
ONEderful: Graceful = Merciful = Peaceful is ↑above↑ (higher)
DUALism: right of left/right sides to make others wrong (high).
It's why PaulTheApostle said this, twice, AsIf to both of L/R sides:
"be not highminded"←"mind not high things"→"be not highmined"

