---
title: "post 1321"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\December\post_1321.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:41:59.348458
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Knowledge(s)? 2kinds of JC "knowledge" in (greek mode):
- knowledge ('gnosis') of our Lord Jesus Christ
- knowledge ('epignosis') of our Lord Jesus Christ
So, FYI...
in 
1Cor 13:8 KJV, when it's "charity never faileth" (as if a higher 'agape' than "love"), then it also notes: 
"whether knowledge('gnosis') it shall "vanish away"
(Previously in 1Cor 8:1 KJV it noted this 'gnosis' knowledge "puffeth up", as in contrast to "charity edifieth") So...
in Eph 4:9-12 KJV, 4:9 noted He that descended also ascended up far above all heavens, that he might fill all things; Then 4:12 mentions for perfecting saints, for work of ministry, for EDIFYING of the body of Christ 
(Hmmm... 1Cor 8:1 noted "charity edifieth")
Then 
in Eph 4:13 KJV, re "fulness" of "Christ": as if grown up unto a perfect man('aner'), it not only noted it's when all come in the unity of faith, but "AND of the knowledge('epignosis') of the Son of God" (not Son of man, nor both Son of man and Son of God); 
Then 
Eph 4:14 noted (re 'epignosis' knowledge) it's to henceforth "be no more children" (still get tossed to & fro by every wind of doctrine; As if when still in 'gnosis' knowledge mode) 
in 1Tim 2:4 KJV it notes God our Saviour will have:
- all men('anthropos'=liars in Rom 3:4) saved,
AND
- come to the knowledge('epignosis') of the truth (after)
Then
in 1Tim 2:5 (greek mode) notes (about Mr In-Between)
"Christ Jesus": as "mediator" man='anthropos'. Shock, for me. 
WOW. Seems, based on this info, in KJV & greek mode...
Christ Jesus, who came to save sinners, may himself need saving and upgrading to the 'epignosis' knowledge of truth.
Hmmm...
Seems why 2Tim 3:12 KJV said 
all who will live godly in "Christ Jesus" shall "suffer": ouch.
And
why 1Pet 5:10 KJV notes 
"God of all grace" will make you perfect (more than before), "after" ye "suffer" a while in "Christ Jesus", to end "suffer" 
(for 1Cor 12:26 said "all" still "suffer" & rejoice in a "many" member body [of love]... as if till upgraded to "charity" mode)
[for Mt 24:12 had said love(agape) of many shall wax cold]
Seems why Phil 2:5-11 KJV said, re "Christ Jesus":
he'd made himself of no reputation, by taking on the form of a "servant" (as if child=servant, not yet son: Gal 4:1-7), and being found in likeness of men('anthropos'=liar in Rom 3:4), he then humbled himself, and became obedient to the death of the cross (to end such "servant" & 'anthropos' modes). 
So then God highly exalted him, so every knee should bow at the name of Jesus, AND every tongue should confess "Jesus Christ" (not Christ Jesus) is Lord to the glory of the Father.
Mind-blowing stuff to notice, ponder, study, and discuss.

