---
title: "post 3209"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3209.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:10:01.595216
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

KJV INFORMATION:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
I find the Authorized KJV (1611→1769 AKJV) by Oxford University Press has both the Epistle Dedicatory of Translators and the end notes for Paul's Epistles;
BUT,
the Protestant KJV's have neither, especially not the Epistle Dedicatory, since it notes Translators were neither popish persons (Romans Catholic) nor self-conceited brethren (Protestant).
the modern Nelson KJV (called PEW KJV Bible) does have the Epistle Dedicatory, but not the end notes for Paul's Epistles; And has changed the title of Revelation:
- from "The Revelation of St. John The Divine" (AKJV title)
- to "The Revelation of Jesus Christ" (WRONG title).
New KJV: NKJV is not better, but worse than AKJV, as it 
- removes both Epistle Dedicatory and Pauline end notes.
- removes ye (of ye/you) allegoric contrasts.
(for ye is not obsolete English if both ye/you in same verses).
- removes charity (of love/charity) for 'agape' contrasts.
(thereby contradicts itself saying love shall wax cold & never fail).
- removes Ghost (of Ghost/Spirit) for 'pneuma' contrasts.
(thereby contradicts itself by say never forgiveness & forgiven).
- changes "Jesus Christ" to "Christ Jesus" in some places. 
So, even when we prefer KJV for study, depends on which KJV.
The online BlueLetterBible tools uses AKJV for KJV verses and search, and includes the end notes for the Pauline Epistles.
The End [telos] in AKJV: Revelation 22:21 KJV 
is
the grace salutation of Paul, not John, and notably always written by Paul's "own hand" as Paul clarified in 2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

