---
title: "post 2085"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\March\post_2085.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2021
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:41:27.098619
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --M------arc----------h---2-4,----2--0-21
---

## Content

Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Re MASS SHOOTING: EVIL CONCUPISCENCE of law as the cause:
Mass shootings, even in churches, synagogues, mosques, schools, now a supermarket in Colorado, cause many to ask: Where is a safe place? But if question is: What causes people to be mass shooters? The answer may be evil "concupiscence" of law. Sadly so few have ever heard of, or know how to avoid "concupiscence" 
aspect of law.
So, for awareness sake, let's notice in Romans 7:8 Paul reveals law  did all manner of "concupiscence" on him: it took him captive and  caused him to have an overwhelming desire to do the things law forbids, then hounded with guilt till he felt PTSD suicidal wretched.
In Romans 7:21 Paul notes, about law (being good and evil), that when he would do law good [kalos], then law evil [kakos] was present with him. The good of law is also evil later, lastly nasty.
In contrast 
the good that God is, is only & always grace good [agathos], which Jesus noted when called Good [agathos] Master, by reply why call me good [agathos], there is only one good [agathos], that is God. 
Let's learn about the "concupiscence" aspect of law, so we may help others learn about it and avoid the evil concupiscence aspect of law that takes people captive and turns them into mass shooters.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

