---
title: "post 2535"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\October\post_2535.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2022
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:06:44.345863
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ---Octo--ber----31,-------------------20--22---
---

## Content

How did Russia know enough to claim UK (in conjunction with USA: Biden said they could & would destroy Nord Stream) did it?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
It's reported UK's Liz Trust used her iPhone to send a message to USA SecBlinken: "It's done", just a minute after the NordStream pipeline blew up, before anyone else knew about the explosion. Hmmm...
It's 
reported their ships had been in the location of the explosion. 
It's reported countries like Germany, Sweeden, etc were asked to and had agreed to investigate the explosion, but only reported NS1 had a 5 meter section missing, as if not just broken, but deliberately bombed by someone. But then refused to share any other info, as if told to not share info (perhaps by UK & USA, who had the capacity to deliver bombs to the sunken pipeline.
It's video recorded USA Biden threatened he not only had the capacity to blow the pipeline, but they would also destroy NS2. 
Wow. The Ukraine (USA/NATO/EU) vs Russia DRAMA is not only determined to allow bomb/kill Russian-speaking-Ukrainians in Dunbas (killing 14,000 in 8 yrs), but stated HATRED of Putin/Russia by Ukrainian-Zelensky (called WEF puppet) is desirous of killing Russians (who dared to go against WEF), to the point he had/has asked for nuclear bombs & demanded pre-emptive war on Moscow, to effect a regime change & then Ukraine/NATO/EU seize (steal) all the oil, gas, precious metals, food, fertilizer, etc. 
Interesting sides war that is now affecting many nations world-wide. Seems it's now not just Ukraine, but USA/NATO/EU providing unlimited billions of money & weapons so Ukraine could be used as a proxy NATO war against Russia. Hmmm...
Seems BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South-Africa) has the interest of Saudi-Arabia, Turkey, Venesuala, Iran, N Korea to join, which would then be more than half the population of the world.
What is your insight on any of this DRAMA ?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

