---
title: "post 2042"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\November\post_2042.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:05:37.968727
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

ETERNAL LIFE: Biblical things it is not (for contrast learning).
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Spirit prompted me to bible study "eternal life"; And when I did, then revealed things it is not, to help increase my awareness by contrast learning. Biblical Things "eternal life" is not: 
It's not Old Testament; Never mentioned therein. So it's ONLY New Testament. It's why Hebrews 11:39 says these 
all (OT heroes) "received not the promise"; For it was not in OT←BC to receive.
It's not "life eternal" (reverse of "eternal life"), which "Son of man"  (not Son of God) promises in Mt 25:46. So "life eternal" ends in John 17, Never again mentioned after contrasted with "eternal life".
It's not OT "everlasting life", which continues being mentioned in NT; But ends in Romans 6:22, 23 when contrasted with "eternal life" is clarified as the gift of God "through" Jesus →Christ our Lord. So "everlasting life", in John 3:16, never occurs past Rom 6:22; And in John 3:13-16 Son of man (not Son of God) called himself "serpent", then reversed NT "eternal life" to OT "everlasting life" in Jn 3:16.
It's not even NT "life everlasting" (reverse of OT "everlasting life"), also ends in 1Timothy 1:16, Never again mentioned. So 1Tim 6:12b then says, notably after fight the good fight, lay hold on "eternal life" whereunto thou art "also called", as if "also called" unto "eternal life" is yet a higher calling.
So Titus 1:2 then clarifies it's God that "cannot lie" who promised (only) "eternal life" (not "everlasting life" nor "life eternal" nor "life everlasting") before the world began. Yet...
Last mention of "eternal life", in Jude 1:21b, says keep looking for the "mercy" of "our Lord Jesus Christ" unto "eternal life". But then  "eternal life" is not mentioned in Revelation; And search for   "mercy", reveals it does not occur in John nor in 1John nor in Revelation (assumedly written by John).  What a mystery.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ (be) with you all. Amen.
I
-

