---
title: "post 1509"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\July\post_1509.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2018
comments: 3
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:38:37.399825
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Email from friend in India was so encouraging I had to share.
Subject: Pure Grace, Pure Mercy, Pure Peace be with you.
Approved by the Grace of God, I am writing this email filled with the Grace of God. I remember you telling me that in God's Grace, we are Winners. I kept on thinking about it for so many years, but now, amazingly, He is making me the winner without any fights.
I 
wonder, how amazing His Grace is and I wonder how sweet it sounds to be a winner without any side-wars. Winner in being unbiased, unconditional and without any favouritism is soothing. The perfected peace is all about being a winner with no enemies and all love unconditional within. When we have only unconditional love within, we are winners.
In all the persecution I went through since so many years, I have become a winner without punishing anyone or without going against anyone. It sounds beautiful, amazing and extraordinary. Maybe, this is the thing that the world needs, peace without punishment, a perfected peace that happens within us.
These days, I am a winner for no reason. I was also persecuted for no reason, so God made me a winner for no reason. Winner over the darkness! Not supporting the darkness, not even by playing with it, tit-for-tat and not even ignoring the harassment of people, but finding the perfect solution for it.
Perfect solution through the spirit of God and the will of God, Mercy only and no sacrifice at all. Perfect peace because He loves me first. Perfect peace because He is unconditional with me. Perfect peace because He is alive. Perfect peace because I love Him unconditionally and because I love to listen to Him only. In Him only, I rest. So, perfect peace because He is in me and I am in Him.
No winners by fights, no winners by comparison, but a winner by the Grace of God is so sweet. Found that perfected peace so easily and so unconditionally after so many trials, this and that things. I was not able to move forward, upward and was dying like a stagnant water, when, He made me walk up or life up above all. Above all in my heart, in my senses and in my wisdom too!
Not to compare with anyone, nor to put anyone down, but to life up above where He resides. It is so amazing to be with Him where He is and it is the best place, to be with HIM. His association is so embracing and full of warmth of full love. Going close to Him is so sweet, comforting and heavenly. Having Him is so sweet. I struggled so hard to have it and now when I have it, it is so amazing. That most awaited perfection has come and it is so amazing.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

