---
title: "post 2267"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\December\post_2267.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2021
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:16:13.789246
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

BIBLICAL UP-GRADES to notice, ponder, discuss
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
And... as if Also, as we Grow in Love & Grace for ALL, we spiritual learn about UpGrades hidden in Greek mode, such as upgrade:
to 
epi-strepho "converted" (Lk 22:32)
from strepho "converted" (Mt 18:3)
to epi-gnosis "knowledge" (Eph 1:17; 4:13; 1Tim 2:4)
from gnosis "knowledge" (1Cor 8:1; 1Cor 13:8)
and in KJV, even English UpGrades
to grace [charis 2]: much more 100x occurs: Lk 2:40 to Rev 22:21.
from favour [charis 1]: only occurs 6x from Lk to Acts
(b/c favour was last requested "against" to "kill" Paul: Acts 23:5)
to charity [agape 2]: called a more excellent way: 1Cor 12:31;13:1-13 KJV.
from love [agape 1]; perhaps as if b/c love [agape 1] can wax cOLD: Mt 24:12, and love only void of fear when "perfect" love.
(be perfect[teleios] as Father: Mt5:48 is perfect[teleios] love: 1Jn 4:18)
to "Spirit" [pneuma 2] of truth (as if grace "guide": "follow me").
from Holy "Ghost" [pneuma 1] (as if law/grace teacher 1st sent). 
Lots of "mystery" details & twists to sort out (with help of Spirit) in the biblical narrative to notice, ponder, discuss;
Such as
even the end to endure unto in Rev 22:21 is the grace salutation of Paul (not of John), which he thrice noted he always wrote such with his own hand:
The GRACE of our Lord Jesus → Christ (BE) WITH YOU ALL. AMEN.

