---
title: "post 2009"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\September\post_2009.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:49:43.848041
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

AMEN? 1st was double Big, little "Amen, amen" of woman to being Blessed, cursed by law priest. Does it allegory relate to NT double Big, little "Master, master" & "Verily, verily"? 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Most bible readers don't notice 1st Amen, in Number 5:22, was double Big, little "Amen, amen" of "woman" to being both Blessed, cursed by law priest. So let's consider & ask:
Does 
it allegory relate to Jesus being called double Big, little "Master, master" by disciples in Luke 8:24?
Does it allegory relate to an account 'according to John' being the only double Big, little "Verily, verily" account of four?
Does it allegory relate to Jesus called his mother "Woman"?
In Luke 8:24 KJV disciples called Jesus double Big, little "Master, master", which is allegory two masters. But Jesus twice noted no servant nor man can serve "two" masters; And had twice clarified in Mt 23:8,10 "one" is your Big "Master": "Christ"; So be not called "Rabbi", neither (plural) "masters". 
Hmmm,
Seems Mary Magdalene called him Rabonni.
In John's account Jesus oft said double Big, little "Verily, verily"; And in Jn 5:25-29 revealed that when still two Sons: both NT Son of God →&←OT Son of man, he still had two voices, as if still both Grace, law. Hmmm...
Perhaps it's why no mention of "mercy" in John, and why there is no more mention of Son of man, only of Son of God in Romans→fwd as then gospel of "Christ", as of one "Master" only, not of "twain" in Jesus mode till he abolished law within himself to then be "one" new man noted in Ephesians 2:15. 
Interesting allegoric mystery details to notice, ponder, discuss.
Thank God the last singular Big Amen goes only to grace.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ e] with you all. Amen

