---
title: "post 2058"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\December\post_2058.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:15:12.254493
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"WRATH of God" Bible occurs 10x with 2 kinds of "wrath" in Greek: orge & thymos. Yet both kinds are to be "put off" & "put away".
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Search reveals "wrath of God" occurs 10x, and in Greek mode reveals 2 kinds of "wrath" of God: orge & thymos:
- orge (feminine noun) is wrath, anger, vengeance, indignation.
- 
thymos (masculine noun) is wrath, fierceness, indignation.
Romans 4:15 reveals law worketh wrath [orge]
Ephesians 4:31 notes both thymos & orge are to be "put away": 
"Let all bitterness, and wrath [thymos], and anger [orge], and clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice". 
Colossians 3:8 notes "put off" both anger [orge] & wrath [thymos]:
"But now ye also put off all these:; anger [orge], wrath [thymos], malice, b;asphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth".
1Thessalonians 5:9 says:
"For God hath not appointed us to wrath [orge], but to obtain salvation (from wrath: Romans 5:9) by our Lord Jesus Christ (aka by grace & truth)", 
Romans 5:9 had previously said:
"Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath [orge] through him".  
So what can we learn from this investigation & evidence?
Is there any wrath in a "God is love" or in "God of all grace"?
What are your insights about "wrath of God" Bible mentions?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ (be/is) with you all. Amen.

