---
title: "post 3050"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\November\post_3050.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2023
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:54:02.064508
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WHY would God not permit go on unto perfection in Hebrews 6:3?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Interesting that Hebrews 6:1,2 lists SIX principles of the doctrine of Christ to LEAVE, in order to then go on unto a 7th aspect called perfection [teleiotes]. But then Hebrews 6:3 says this we will do, "if God permit".
Hmmm
WHY would God not permit [epitrepho] going on unto perfection?
Seems, because a little leaven can leaven the whole, if not willing to leave all six principles listed, it could be as if take some leaven to heaven.
Hebrews 6:1-3 KJV
Therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection; not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God, Of the doctrine of baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment. And this will we do, if God permit.
SIX principles of the doctrine of Christ listed to leave:
repentance from dead works (the foundation)
faith toward God 
doctrine of baptisms 
laying on of hands 
resurrection of the dead 
eternal judgment [krima]
What is your insight about Heb 6:1-3?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

