---
title: "post 3148"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\January\post_3148.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T01:05:23.672568
source: v3.3.02
---

## Content

ASS-U-ME
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
I did ASSUME John wrote the book of Revelation, UNTIL I learned other-wise, by humbly ask God who "upbraideth not" for wisdom (as noted in James 1:5 KJV); And then I got Spirit of truth help in learning about the book of Revelation.
Here's some radical things I learned:
- The original TITLE is NOT The Revelation of Jesus Christ, as used in modern bibles, but was/is:
"The Revelation of St John The Divine".
Such reveals it is NOT written BY John, but rather written ABOUT John, whom many thought to be divine.
- The LAST VERSE: Revelation 22:21 KJV is ONLY the grace salutation of Paul, NEVER of John, and 2Thessalonians 3:17,18 clarified it is always written by Paul's "own hand". 
2Thessaonoans 3:17,18 KJV
The salutation of Paul with mine OWN HAND, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 22:211 KJV
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
- So, that allegory sign-ifies Paul (not John) as the author, even though it says John 5x therein. Paul wrote it as a spoof on John getting "TURNED" to what was "BEHIND" him (Revelation 1:10-12), aka John got "turned" back to law, trying to be both first & last...
- 2Peter 2:22 KJV says: "it is happened unto them according to the true proverb, The dog is "TURNED" to his own vomit". 
Seems to allegory refer to churches got bewitched by another gospel that was no gospel at all (not good news): Gal 1 & 3.  
- So, Paul includes what John wrote to seven angels of seven churches of Asia (Asia minor, also later called Galatia, now Turkey); To "seven" who accompanied Paul into Asia: listed in Acts 20:4. 
- So, it's what John wrote to these seven (Acts 20:4) that bewitched the churches of Galatia.
- So, 7x in Revelation 2 & 3 Paul adds this phrase to what John wrote to seven angels of seven churches:
He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith "UNTO THE CHURCHES".
Note: the phrase "UNTO THE CHURCHES" occurs in Galatians 1:2.
So,
to hear what the Spirit saith UNTO THE CHURCHES is:
"Grace to you, and peace, from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus Christ" (Paul's holy kiss greeting): Galatians 1:3.
- The Revelation of Jesus Christ, noted in Rev 1:1, is primarily given by Paul in 14 epistles. For John never uses the word "revelation" in his writings; But Paul uses "revelation" [apokalypsis] 10x.
- John would NOT call himself a "servant" [doulos] in Rev 1:1, because in John 15:15 KJV he had noted what Jesus said:
Henceforth I call you not servants [doulos]; for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known unto you.
- 2Peter 3:8 seems to give a time allegory not to be ignorant of: 
1day = 1000yrs & 1000yrs = 1day,
which could be used in Revelation 20's "thousand years",
then 3:16 mentions "all" Paul's epistles, which he had read, which seems to denote Peter had read Revelation, written by Paul.
I learned many things about Revelation by the Spirit. These are a few things, that are radical, as if CONTRARY to the so-called prophecy experts and Bible scholars, who mostly still perceive that John wrote Revelation about AD95, and mainly because it says "John" 5x therein, and it's traditional John lived to about AD95.
interesting "mystery" details to notice, ponder, discuss.
The End to ENDure unto: Revelation 22:21 KJV
is ONLY the grace salutation of Paul (NEVER of John):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

