---
title: "post 3058"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\November\post_3058.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2023
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:54:59.078193
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

ETERNAL LIFE: Biblical terms it is not (for contrast learning).
It's NOT life eternal NOR everlasting life NOR life everlasting.
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Spirit prompted me to bible study "eternal life" in KJV; And when I did, then helped reveal biblical things, terms, "eternal life" is NOT, to help increase my awareness, by contrast learning. 
Biblical Things "eternal life" is NOT: 
"Eternal life" is NOT Old Testament; Never mentioned therein. 
So, "eternal life" is ONLY a New Testament term. 
It's why Hebrews 11:39 says these all (OT heroes) "received not the promise"; For it was not in the OT←BC to receive.
It's NOT "life eternal" (reverse of "eternal life"), which "Son of man" (not Son of God) promises sheep in Mt 25:46 KJV. 
So "life eternal" ends in John 17:2,3; Never again mentioned after contrasted with "eternal life".
It's NOT OT "everlasting life", which continues being mentioned in NT; But ends in Romans 6:22, 23 when contrasted with "eternal life" is clarified as the gift of God "through" Jesus →Christ our Lord. 
So, "everlasting life", in John 3:16 KJV, never occurs past Rom 6:22; And in John 3:13-16 KJV Son of man (not Son of God) called himself "serpent", then reversed NT "eternal life" to OT "everlasting life" in Jn 3:15,16 KJV.
note: many modern bibles change "everlasting life" to "eternal life" in John 3:16, thereby miss the contrast in John 3:15,16 KJV.
It's NOT even NT "life everlasting" (reverse of OT "everlasting life"), which also ends in 1Timothy 1:16, Never again mentioned. 
So, 1Timothy 6:12 KJV then says, notably after fight the good fight, lay hold on "eternal life" whereunto thou art "also called", as if "also called" unto "eternal life" is yet a higher calling than fight mode.
So, Titus 1:2 KJV then clarifies it's the God that "cannot lie" who promised (only) "eternal life" (NOT "everlasting life" NOR "life eternal" NOR "life everlasting") before the world began. 
Yet...
Last mention of "eternal life", in Jude 1:21 KJV, says keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the "mercy" of "our Lord Jesus Christ" unto "eternal life". 
But then, 
"Eternal life" is not mentioned in Revelation; And search for "mercy" reveals word "mercy" does not occur in John, nor in 1John, nor in Revelation (assumedly written by John).  
What a mystery.
I never would have thought to contrast "eternal life" with other terms such as "life eternal", "everlasting life", "life everlasting", until prompted by the Spirit to study "eternal life" to see what it is NOT.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ (be) with you all. Amen.

