---
title: "post 0899"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\August\post_0899.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T21:19:29.634158
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Why KJV? Here's how KJV helped me get my glee more free:
Upon notice James 1:5 KJV said ask the God who "upbraideth not" for wisdom, I thought WTF(?), even the resurrected Jesus still "upbraided". Then aHa, "upbraideth not" wasn't the cOLD LORD I'd been tOLD to hear & fear: he chastens & scourges every son. I'd had enough chastening & scourging -suffer--loss to the point of BIG OUCH. So I asked that God for wisdom, accordingly in James 
1:5-8.
Then it got interesting. The Spirit of truth began to show me nifty KJV things, like how KJV Translators were neither Popish persons (Roman Catholic) nor Self-Conceited brethren (Protestant), noted in an Epistle Dedicatory, and how such made a 7th English Bible from 6 good (not including those with dangerous helps); Like God saw good x6, then very good 7th time in Gen 1. Seems such had guidelines (not rules), to get every word unanimously agreed on, to keep allegory intact throughout, yet also mystery aspect intact. 
So wasn't as mistranslated as many unlearned KJV bashers say; Especially LawLovers of John's GreaterLove, isn't [yet] Greatest.
A 'more exact translation' requires Spirit guidance for most exact.  It got me thru KJV debates unto my next KJV phase of learning. 
For it got even more interesting, as the Spirit took me to the last verse in KJV, to meditate on that for days, revealing many things;
- KJV does not remove "Christ" from TheEnd to ENDure unto.
- it's grace of "our" Lord JC, not of CJ, nor just of "the" Lord JC.
- that grace is "with you all", from above, not "over against" any.
- when ended proper with no mention of f-law: sin: death; then it's like all the bad stuff never happened, nor ever will, by pure grace.
- Rev 22:21 is the token of Paul, by his own hand, in his epistles; So it reasoned Paul wrote Revelation. That took me by surprise; 
Yet explained how I'd failed the final exam by ass-u-me John did.
When doing searches, it's easier to find 1st meaning of words, and connect phrases in KJV, to thereby see nifty stuff not yet noticed.
Even when delving into Greek mode nifty things then appear. Eg:
- KJV uses both "favour" & "grace" for 'charis' to disntiguish;
For mother Mary & child Jesus had "favour", isn't yet "grace".
- KJV uses both "Ghost" & "Spirit" for 'pneuma', to help readers see God is a Spirit (not a Ghost): God of the living (not of dead).
- KJV uses both "love" & "charity" for 'agape' to reveal even a new commandment of love has begin & end, ending with "charity", which tops every list of upgrades, from 1Cor - 2Pet. For charity is more than love, as PureGrace is more than BetterLaw.
KJV also doesn't remove "Christ" from the end to endure unto.
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen."

