---
title: "post 1707"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\April\post_1707.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:50:17.316903
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ----M---a-r-----ch--1--3-,-------20-19---
---

## Content

Some things you don't learn in churches that still preach a plural God & a plural Son in conflict with himself...
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
God never said let us create man, but of Gen 1:1-25's create (bara) & make (asah), God said in Gen 1:26a "let us make(asah) man"; Then also gave 2 before/after options in 1:26b:
- 
"in our image" (before of twain, like in Rom 8:20; Eph 2:10)
- "after our likeness" (after, like in 1Pet 5:10b)
If God said both every tree + not every tree, like LORD God did in Gen 2:16,17, it would make God an oxymoron
The NT singular "generation" [genesis) of Jesus Christ in Mt 1 doesn't begin with Adam nor end with Jesus, but begins with Abraham (to whom the seed promised) and goes through 40 "generations" [genea], through Jesus, "unto Christ" (the seed, not seeds: Gal 3:16)
JC never began to preach the kingdom of God until John the Baptist (2nd coming of Elijah: violent prophet) beheaded, as then end of law and prophets (Mt 11:13; Mk 1:1-15; Lk 16:16); Because John said "wrath to come" (not grace, mercy, peace)
There's no grace mentioned, yet, in Mt & Mk, none until LukeWarm; Which explains why even a risen Jesus of Nazareth still "upbraided" & "damned" in Mk 16:14-18; Until he re-ascended to be sat on right  hand of God (not Majesty), then returned (2nd coming to  eleven) to say Peace in Lk 24.
Jesus revealed this about himself in Jn 5:25-29, that when still 2 Sons: NT Son of God & OT Son of man, he still had 2 (contrary) voices: "live" & "judgment also" (grace & law also). So if he's still 2Sons in Mt-Acts, then he's not yet 1 Son Christ until Rom→fwd where then, no more mention of Son of man, only Son of God, and then gospel of "Christ" through J→C.
Will of God is have mercy, and not sacrifice (Hos 6:6; Mt 9:13; 12:7). But no mention of mercy in John, which is the only account of four that's "Verily, verily", allegory like in Lk 8:24 disciples called Jesus "Master, master" = two many masters.
Everlasting life in Jn 3:16 is OT. Eternal life is only NT; And only what  God, that "cannot lie", promised in Titus 1:2.
Where no law, no transgression nor sin imputed to off-end
There's no "Christ Jesus" beyond 1Pet 5, only "Jesus  Christ"
There's no grace, nor mercy, nor peace in all of 1John.
Most modern bibles remove Christ from the end Rev 22:21; But KJV doesn't, and it's the  saluation of Paul, not John
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus→Christ" [be/is] with you all. Amen.

