---
title: "post 3207"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3207.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: 3
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:10:01.524230
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

What saith the Spirit UNTO THE CHURCHES?
Let's investigate.
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Seven times in Revelation 2 & 3, after each of seven writings to the seven angels of seven churches, it says this:
"He that hath an ear (singular), let him hear 
what the Spirit saith UNTO THE CHURCHES".
(Revelation 2:7; 2:11; 2:17: 2:29; 3:6; 3:13; 3:22).
WHERE would we find what the Spirit saith UNTO THE CHURCHES?
Perhaps in Galatians 1:2,3 KJV = "UNTO THE CHURCHES":
Galatians 1:2,3 KJV
... unto the churches of Galatia (also called Asia minor):
Grace be to you and peace from God the Father, and from our Lord Jesus Christ,
So,
Not any accusation, fault-finding, hatred, threat in Revelation 1,2,3, of OT Law attempting to be both first and last, Not what's Johnny Law written to seven angels (named in Acts 20:4) of seven churches (named in Revelation 1:11); 
But 
what the Spirit (of Grace & Truth) saith, via Paul, to the (seven) churches of Galatia (perhaps bewitched by what John wrote).
This information seems to give evidence to the idea that:
- John did write to seven angels of seven churches (Rev 1:4),
But,
- Paul wrote the book of Revelation as a spoof on John getting "turned" to what's "behind him" (aka the law: Rev 1:10,12), which 2Peter 2:22 KJV says happened like a dog "turned" to his vomit. 
For The End of Revelation and of the Bible: Revelation 22:21 KJV is ONLY the grace salutation of Paul, NEVER of John, and Paul thrice noted he always writes his grace salutation with his "own hand", as clarified in
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV
The (grace) salutation of Paul with mine "own hand", which is the token (to sign-ify) in every epistle: so I write.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 22:21 KJV (Paul's salutation by his own hand):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

