---
title: "post 2251"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\November\post_2251.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2021
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:10:13.351367
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WHY is John a double (Big, little) "Verily, verily" [Amen, amen] account?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Most Bible readers don't notice, so never ponder why The Gospel According To JOHN is the only one of four accounts that uses a double (Big, little) "Verily, verily" [Amen, amen] for things Jesus said. 
It's 
allegory like 1st Amen in Numbers 5:22 was double (Big, little) "Amen, amen" to Blessed, cursed by a law priest. It's also allegory like double (Big, little) "Master, master" used for 2 Sons Jesus in Mark 14:45 & Luke 8:24, which portrays two (many) masters. 
In the begin of a discourse the Greek word 'amen' is traditionally "Verily", and then at the end it's traditionally "Amen". Yet in John's account it's "Verily, verily", which is double, also Big, little. This double Big, little phenomena even occurs with "Crucify him, crucify him" in John 19:6. John's account does also end with one "Amen".
The double Big, little "Verily, verily" aspect seems to suggest an allegory phenomena, which like "Master, master" seems to allegorize Jesus as two masters. Christ is Big "Master": Mt 23:8,10.
What are your insights about this "Verily, verily" aspect in John?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

