---
title: "post 1878"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\December\post_1878.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2019
comments: 1
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:07:17.721167
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: D------e--c------------em--ber6---,------20--19
---

## Content

1/3=0.333→2/3=0.666→3/3=1.000: Let's see how this math is allegory portrayed in Bible story for our awareness sake.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
I am = the way(1/3)→the truth(2/3)→and the life(3/3).
children of wicked→children of God→no more children.
servants of sin→servants of righteousness→not servant. 
the will of God: good→acceptable→perfect: Rom 12:2b
Adam1(all die)→Adam2(all die)→Christ(all live): 1Cor 15.
old way→new way→new and living way
great→greater→greatest of 3 things
faith→hope→charity (1Cor 13:13 KJV)
if tail of a great red dragon drew away 1/3 of stars of heaven, and cast them down to earth, it leaves those remaining as 2/3, until 1/3 is restored, so heaven can be 3/3=1. LOL.
WONDERful→More WONDERful→ONEderful
Law of sin & death→Law of the Spirit→Grace(no law).
3 seek & find modes: cOLD→LukeWarm→Hot
3 Saviours:
3rd: God our Saviour: all saved & fully awared.......best.
2nd: Christ: Saviour of the world: all saved..........better.
1st: Jesus: Saviour of Israel: some saved.............good.
Glory to God in the highest (of high→higher→highest).
1/3=0.333→2/3=0.666→3/3=1.000
nothing→still nothing→everything
under the law→under grace→with grace (Heb 13:9 KJV)
everasting life→life everlasting→eternal life (no death)
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

