---
title: "post 3189"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3189.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:07:04.588330
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

FOUR GOSPELS -vs- PAUL'S EPISTLES
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Four Gospels have about 70 mentions of "Son of man": an Old Testament term, along with threats of coming in clouds with division & eternal punishment: Mt 25:46, destruction: Lk 17: 27,29.
In 
contrast,
Paul's Epistles have 0 (ZERO) mentions of Son of man, rather only Son of God mention for Jesus Christ.
So,
by NO mention of Son of man beyond Acts, it essentially nullifies (deletes, abolishes) threats of eternal punishment, judgment [krisis], destruction like in the days of Noah & Lot: "destroyed them all".
Matthew & Mark have NO mention of grace at all; But mention of never forgiveness: neither in this world neither the to come, for blasphemy the Holy Ghost: Mt 12:32 & Mk 3:29 KJV. 
In contrast,
Paul's Epistles begin & end with Grace, therein noting we are saved by grace, and God hath forgiven you all things: Eph 4:32; Col 2:13. 
In Matthew 9:13 Jesus noted the will of God: I will have mercy, and not sacrifice (from Hosea 6:6) has an allegory meaning to go learn.
Again in Mt 12:7 Jesus noted if ye had known what "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice" (allegory) meaneth, ye would not have condemned the guiltless (aka lawed the grace, mercy, peace).
in contrast,
Paul's Epistles help us to learn the "allegory" aspect,
especially in Galatians 4 & Hebrews 10:8 to notice the reason God did not desire nor take pleasure in sacrifice for sin because it was offered "by the law". No man is justified "by the law": Gal 3:11. 
In John 1:17 we read grace and truth came by Jesus Christ, and in John 17:2,3 Jesus Christ was sent from the only true God.
YET,
it's not until Paul's Epistles we hear:
Grace (not law) to you, and peace (not confusion), 
from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
In Four Gospels we see Jesus Christ is portrayed as TWO Sons: 
Both Son of God and Son of man, which in John 5:25-29 are as if TWO voices saying: 
live (by voice of Son of God), and 
judgment [krisis] also (by voice of Son of man), 
even TWO resurrections: 
resurrection of life & resurrection of damnation. 
Also revealed in John 5:45, as if by the voice of Son of God, Jesus clarified I (as Son of God: grace & truth) will not accuse you.
In contrast,
Paul's Epistles have only mention of Son of God, never Son of man, and note we have peace with God, God gifted eternal life, and God given victory THROUGH Jesus → Christ = the end of the law.
So, it's allegory like a New Testament journey
THROUGH 2 Sons Jesus to 1 Son Christ.
interesting mystery & allegory details to notice.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus → Christ (be/is) with you all. Amen.

