---
title: "post 3693"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2025\March\post_3693.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2025
comments: 1
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-04T18:56:17.213274
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: M-a-r----c-h---1-4------
---

## Content

Rapture Theories ←vs→ Endure Unto The End
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Seven Points to Consider Regarding Rapture Theories (Divisions) of Believers:
1. 
All rapture theories contradict "endure unto the end" to be saved: Matthew 24:13; Mark 13:13.
    Rather than we flee, we're told to resist the devil and devil law will flee from you: James 4:7
2. All rapture theories are about partiality (respect of persons), which is neither good nor Godly.
    We are plainly told, and often throughout both OT & NT, there is no respect of persons with God. Eg: Romans 2:11.
3. Rapture theories give place to tribulation, wrath to come. God hath not appointed us to wrath: 1Thess 5:9.
    Law worketh wrath: Romans 4:15, so it is legalism proposing any (law worketh) wrath to come on any from a "merciful" God.
4. It's already been too late for any of the rapture theories since mid 2003 of it's the third day.
    People seeing only good say they're so vexed by it they wish the proposing rapture folk would vanish.
5. Rapture theories are based in fear, not love void of fear. God (Grace) is love [agape] void of fear (law).
    Fear is sourced in law: legalism, not in grace and mercy and peace that is void of such legalism.
6. Rapture theories are focused on "prophecy", which speaks of both comfort and discomfort.
    We're told not to prophecy, rather "prophesy" which edifies and exhorts all men unto comfort.
7. It's not people who vanish, but it's laws and lies which are "ready to vanish" and "shall vanish".
    Such laws are lies and nothing more than a Phantom Menace of our own making to put away.
When I became a man [aner], 
I put away childish things (rapture theories): 
1Corinthians 13:11.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. 
Amen.

