---
title: "post 3084"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\November\post_3084.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T19:35:04.726952
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -----No-v----e-m-b-e---r--4--,---2-0-2-------3-
---

## Content

Hebrews 5:14 KJV?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Hebrews 5:14 KJV:
But 
strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age [teleios], even those who by reason of use have their (five) senses exercised to discern both good [kalos] and evil [kakos].
Hebrews 5:14 seems to sarcastically allegory say mature people exercise all five God given senses to discern (sense and avoid) 
BOTH good [kalos] and evil [kakos] aspects of law:
(aka: even good[kalos] that has evil[kakos] present: Rom 7:21)
Allegory:
if it looks bwd swimming L←R fishy: <:((<, and
if it sounds like Mt Sinai horeb-bull, and
if it smells kinda diaper pew-y, and
if it tastes both bitter-sweet, and
if it feels like hell when swallowed,
THEN it's law = "both good and evil" = ends evil: reverse of live.
So, discern BOTH good and evil seems to allegory mean
recognize and avoid both good and evil aspect of law.
For in Romans 7:21 KJV Paul noted 
when (law) good [kalos], then evil [kakos] is still present.
So, there's a law good[kalos] -vs- grace good[agathos].
Jesus noted 
True God is grace good[agathos], not both good & evil.
interesting allegoric biblical "mystery" stuff to ponder.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

