---
title: "post 0098"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\April\post_0098.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T20:38:45.411487
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery... Versions Info... FYI:
Love and/or Charity? KJV Bible uses both:
- Charity never faileth: 1Corinthians 13:8.
- Love (can still) wax c-old (fail): Mt 24:12.
So then, put on charity "above" love: Col 3.
Perhaps the KJV's use of both "Love" & "Charity"
is as if to allegorically distinguish "Law" & "Grace".
KJV's "Love" & "Charity" do both mean 'agape'; But...
Love thy neighbour = law commandment: Mt 22:36-40,
Love your enemies = mend (not end) of law: Mt 5:43,44,
Love one another = new (law) commandment: Jn 13:34,
Love one another = owe (debt) & fulfilling law: Rom 13:8.
New law is for you of ye/you, as if a mend of old covenant.
For change of covenant makes a change of law necessary.
Yet if it's only a change of the law, then not yet even grace.
Grace & truth came "by Jesus Christ": Jn 1:17, but
Peace & victory are "through Jesus → Christ": Rom; 1Cor;
For Jesus was only mend of law, but Christ is the end of law;
So, reconciling the world unto Grace God is done "in Christ".
Perhaps
That's why Paul's epistles say "Grace to you, and peace";
Also why Paul's gospel is "the gospel of Christ": Rom 1:16.
For divisional 2 Sons Jesus said "Nay" to peace: Lk 12:51;
And God is not [author] of confusion, but peace: 1Cor 14:33.
So, perhaps KJV uses both "love" & "charity" for 'agape'
to distinguish love = law agape & charity = grace agape.
Perhaps law agape can fail, but grace agape never fails.
So, perhaps it reasons modern Bible versions get a fail,
an oops, because they changed KJV's "charity" to "love",
and then say this: love never fails and/or love never ends,
when f-law love fails, ends, waxes cold, as oft as ppl divorce.
Perhaps an even BIGGER OOPS of modern Bible versions is
they removed KJV's "Christ" from their end: Revelation 22:21.
If their end be 2Cor 11:15 according to their works, it's OOPS.
So for Mt 24:13's endure unto the end, I recommend KJV end:
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ be with you→all. Amen.

