---
title: "post 1603"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\November\post_1603.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2018
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:05:45.189214
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -N---ovembe---r----1,-------2-------01--8------
---

## Content

Conscience? Mystery: Why does con-science only occur from John 8:9 to 1Peter 3:21?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Bible search of "conscience" reveals it only NT occurs from John 8:9 to 1Peter 3:21; Allegory as if thru roller coaster ride of con-victed by sin (law) conscience ... good conscience ... pure conscience, by grace & truth purged of evil conscience. Lastly only good conscience toward 
God by resurrection of Jesus Christ (after his law & lie mention removed, as if by operation of God, to have only grace & truth of Lord JC). Then no more mention of conscience beyond 1Pet 3:21.
Seems in John 8, when JC sat in law temple, teaching, only after he twice stooped, finger wrote on ground, noted by law all have sin, it con-victed law folk in their conscience to go out. Then ADULTery woman told, although he didn't condemn her, she should also go (leave law) and sin (law) no more (same thing he'd told IMPotent man to do in John 5).
Then 26 mentions of conscience by Paul, from Acts 23 to Heb 13:18, note because law both good and evil, it can produce both good conscience and evil conscience, until it's a pure conscience purged from good and evil law (dead works), by heart established with grace & mind renewed with truth, to then only have a good conscience in all things, by honesty.
Then 1Peter thrice mentions it, noting for conscience sake toward God we, as Christ did, should patiently endure grief & suffering of false accusations of evil-doers (law-workers), until they're ashamed, by be aware blame game shames them all.
So after 30 mentions of conscience, it 1Pet ends; Allegory as "Christ Jesus" (only occurs from Acts 19 to 1Pet 5) mention also ends, when the God of "all grace" makes you perfect, stablishes, strengthens, settles you (of ye/you), after ye (do err) suffer awhile by live godly in Christ Jesus (2Tim 3:12), who in Phil 2:5-11 crucifixion changes from descending CJ to ascending JC, so every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ (grace & truth) is Lord, to the glory of the Father.
So after 1Pet, no mention of conscience nor of Christ Jesus.
Also interesting is con-science contains "science", is lower 'gnosis' knowledge (of gnosis & epignosis of JC, in greek), which 'gnosis' knowledge in 1Cor 13:8 shall "vanish away", as if "childish things" (laws) "put away" in 1Cor 13:11 to be 'aner' man (of anthropos/aner man kinds in greek), whose head is Christ (end of law flaw), whose head is God (higher grace). 
The (higher non dual) grace of our (re-ascended) Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

