---
title: "post 3692"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2025\March\post_3692.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2025
comments: 3
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-04T18:55:37.156168
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: ---Marc--------h--2--0--
---

## Content

CHARITY [agape] is 3rd of 3
in 1Corinthians 13:13 KJV 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
In 
1Corinthians 13:13 KJV apostle Paul notes:
"And now abideth faith, hope, CHARITY [agape], these THREE; but the GREATEST of these (three) is CHARITY (not love)."
So,
charity is the 3rd of 3, allegory as if 
greatest of great→greater→greatest,
3rd of 3, allegory as if 
highest of high→higher→highest,
3rd of 3, allegory as if 
best of good→better→best.
That seems why "charity" [agape] is used, instead of love [agape], to describe "a more excellent way" (1Cor 12:31) in 1Cor 13:1-13 KJV.
Notes: 
in KJV, which uses both "love" & "charity" for Greek 'agape',
Love [agape1] can be great and greater of two,
but charity [agape2] is the "greatest" of "three",
as noted in 1Cor 13:13 KJV.
Love [agape] is always a "commandment",
but charity is "the end of the commandment",
as noted in 1Timothy 1:5 KJV.
For first mention of love [agape] 
Jesus said this in Matthew 24:12 
"And because iniquity shall abound,
the love [agape] of many shall wax cold."
as if to allegory say:
wax cold of three:
cOLD ←> LukeWarm → Hot.
note:
modern bibles use only love for agape,
but thereby contradict themselves,
by say both 
love of many shall wax cold,
and love never fails.
So, in KJV, of love [agape] & charity [agape],
charity thinketh no evil: 1Cor 13:5 KJV,
so,
charity never faileth: 1Cor 13:8.
Let's all be 3rd of 3:
greatest of great→greater→greatest,
best of good→better→best.
the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

