---
title: "post 2891"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\July\post_2891.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T02:08:08.470831
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

LAW vs GRACE ALLEGORY CONTRASTS
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
LAW vs GRACE as ENMITY vs FRIEND:
- 
LAW: Enmity: I will utterly forget you and I will forsake you.
(Deuteronomy 31:17; 2Kings 21:14; Jeremiah 23:33,39)
- GRACE: Friend: I will never leave you nor forsake you.
(Deuteronomy 4:31; Deuteronomy 31:6,8; Hebrews 13:5)
LAW: Ghost DRIVEN: walk before me and be perfect: Genesis 17:1.
GRACE: Spirit LED: follow me, be perfect, merciful: Mt 5:48; Lk 6:36.
LAW: if you don't 1st forgive, Father will not forgive you: Mt 6:15.
GRACE: God 1st forgave you, so do likewise: Eph 4:32; Col 2:13.
LAW: Both Good [kalos] and Evil [kakos]; Lastly reverse of Live.
GRACE: God is Good [agathos] only, never evil nor lastly nasty.
LAW: The law was given by Moses
GRACE: But grace and truth came by Jesus Christ: John 1:17.
note: 
although it doesn't say it, law & grace contrasted AsIf lie & truth.
He taketh away the first (law), 
that he may establish the second (grace): Hebrews 10:9.
note:
you cannot mix law and grace, lest it make an oxymoron.
LAW: LORD their destroyer (both save & destroy after): Jude 1:5.
GRACE: God our Saviour (both save & aware): 1Tim 2:4; Jude 1:25.
note:
So Jude contrasts OT LORD [Yehova] and NT God [Theos],
concluding "the only wise God" is "God our Saviour": Jude 1:25.
LAW: demands perfection, but cannot make perfect: Heb 10:1.
GRACE: God of all grace (no law) make you perfect: 1Pet 5:10.
The End: Conclusion: Revelation 22:21 KJV
is notably the grace salutation of Paul, not John,
and written with his "own hand", as noted in 2Thess 3:17,18:
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

