---
title: "post 1885"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\December\post_1885.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:09:47.157708
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ---N--o-----v-----e-m-b-----er---1,----2-0---19
---

## Content

Reasons why to keep looking beyond better NT law2 than OT law1, for grace as 3rd of 3 things. An example, FYI:
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Romans 2:4 has 2 mentions of law "goodness" & although 2nd goodness [chrestos] better than 1st goodness [chrestotes], b/c only 2nd "leads" to (but isn't yet) repentance; So neither are yet grace goodness [agathosyne] of God of all grace. Eg:
Romans 2:4 KJV (eg of 1st & 2nd law goodness):
Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness[chrestotes] and forbearance and longsuffering; not knowing that the goodness[chrestos] of God leadeth thee to repentance?
Romans 15:14 KJV (eg of grace goodness):
And I myself also am persuaded of you, my brethren, that ye also are full of goodness[agathosyne], filled with all knowledge, able also to admonish one another.
It's allegory like of 2 broad← & →narrow ways in Mt 7, the 2nd is better b/c only the narrow way "leads" to (but isn't yet) pure life. So keep looking, b/c neither of many/few are yet ALL; And a "more excellent way" is above & beyond a narrow way, which can get so narrow & sharp as a razor's edge it can cause a draw←back to cOLD←>LukeWarm→Hot.
It's allegory like of Rom 8:2's law1/law2, NT law2 better than OT law1, b/c law2 makes free[eleutheria] of law1; Yet even law2, called "law" of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus, is not yet Grace Liberty[apolyo] in Jesus Christ.
It's allegory like Holy Ghost law was our "schoolmaster" in Gal 3:24 to bring us "unto Christ"; But not "in Christ", which is end of law "driven" & beginning of "led" by "Spirit" of truth "into all truth" (Ghost law won't reveal).
It's allegory like a new covenant is better than old covenant; Yet new covenant still puts "law" (not grace) in hearts/minds. Seems even a new love "commandment" (law) does this. Hmmm.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/IS] with you all. Amen.

