---
title: "post 1402"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\March\post_1402.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:57:38.226028
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M-ar----c-h2----8,-----2--------0-----18-
---

## Content

FYI: 2SonsJesus (2voices) is not [yet] 1SonChrist (1voice) Until beyond Acts (LukeWarm mix-two-are) then NO more mention of Son of man, ONLY Son of God. Then ONLY "Grace to you, and peace" from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ; Then gospel of "Christ" ("Saviour of the world", not just "Saviour of Israel" as "Jesus" was, in Acts). Why? Let's see why:
In John 5:25-29 Jesus clarifies that while still 2Sons he still had 2voices: 
But ONLY ONE voice: Son of God said "live", other voice: Son of man said also "judgment" from "graves".
As James 3:10,11 says, such twain is like both bless & curse, both sweet & bitter (aka grace & law), coming out the same mouth, which ought not to be. We should only hear 1: sweet, as the "pure wisdom" (aka pure grace) from above: Jas 3:17.
So Paul noted to (bewitched) Galatians: "Christ" is "the seed, not seeds": Gal 3:16, as if to allegory say the Son, not Sons. Then in Ephesians 2:15 Paul explained 2SonsJesus, of TWAIN within himself (grace + law), abolished the law (aka put away being also Son of man = law & prophets) to make in himself ONE new man (only Son of God): our peace. For in Hebrews 1:1,2 God has only spoken to us by "Son" (not Sons). So...
In Mt-Acts we find Jesus was still 2Sons, having 2voices; But beyond Acts there's NO more mention of Son of man, ONLY Son of God. So what God has spoken to us is in Romans-fwd, as then being the gospel of "Christ": Grace & peace.
Some will say, but in Revelation it's Son of man. NO. It's "one like Son of man", dressed as OT law priest, out of whose mouth went a sharp "twoedged sword" (law: good & evil). So Hebrews 4:12 noted the word(logos) of God is "sharper than any two-edge sword" (allegory Grace is smarter than law); For in Psalms 149:6,7 a "two-edge sword" executes vengeance & punishments (not grace & peace).
Clarity: such is not said to accuse or condemn any Jesus believers & lovers; No, rather to aware share the gospel of "Christ" is good news only, not both good & bad news.

