---
title: "post 1336"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\December\post_1336.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:45:26.584638
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Fulfilled law -or- Fulfilled with higher grace and truth, until all law, even NT better law, is put away as still being child-ish? 
I had the wrong idea about what JC came to fulfill...
Eg: Jesus had said, in Mt 24:34 & Lk 21:22, that all things get fulfilled. So, like people do, I did ass-u-me Mt 5:17 referred to law and prophets (prophecies thereof) being fulfilled...
Such 
as people now say Jesus' prophecy of OT law temple shall be thrown down, til not one stone(law) upon another (Mt 24:2) later happened in AD70, as if law got fulfilled. BUT...
Spirit had me re-read Mt 5:17 KJV to see (allegory) of such:
"Think NOT that I am (grace and truth) come to DESTROY the law, or the prophets; I am NOT come to DESTROY, but to FULFILL" (fill u all with high & higher grace, mercy, peace fulness, till u all let go of believe true God also a Destroyer).
POINT: Grace does not destroy, nor fulfill law. For to fulfill law would be as if to sin(flaw) all & death(kill) all: extinction; rather than grace and truth is for salvation and awareness of all.
So, 1Cor 13:8 KJV clarifies when it comes to "charity (not love) never faileth", as if pure grace mode, then it's "but":
- whether [there be law] prophecies, they shall fail,
- whether [there be law] tongues, they shall cease,
- whether [there be law] knowledge*, it shall vanish away.
*this knowledge is lower 'gnosis', of JC's 'gnosis'/epignosis'
Aha, I didn't yet know there was 2 kinds of JC knowledge:
- 'epignosis' knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ = higher
- 'gnosis' knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ = high-minded
So that's why Paul said "be not highminded" & "be not children". It takes put away childish things to be a man, and then in 1Cor 13:11 it's 'aner' kind of "man" blessed in Rom 4:8, where no sin imputed, neither to forgive nor cover up,
like diaper blessed of Rom 4:7 still forgiven & covered.
Seems why Jesus had forwarned: all cover ups shall get uncovered & made known; As if to say if your dung is not yet flushed when adult, then childish-adult oxy-moron flaw will get uncovered & made known, as if for shame, not also blame. 
Hmmm... seems this uncover & shame is happening a lot now, but if still for blame = oops, as if ppl doing it for blame not yet aware a blame game can result in shame on all, not some.
So, seems upgrading, from 'gnosis' to 'epignosis' knowledge also Spirit occuring, to help ppl put away all childish flaws.

