---
title: "post 1701"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\April\post_1701.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:39:04.278516
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ----M---a-r-----ch--1--6-,-------20-19---
---

## Content

Re Mosque Shooting in ChristChurch: Could problem of mass shootings ww also be due to modern christian bibles remove "Christ" from "the end": Revelation 22:21? Let's investigate...
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Here's my observations: Some-how(?)
After Y2Ks leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law' (not grace, nor mercy, nor peace). Then, b/c "law" works "wrath" & law being both good + "evil" (reverse of "live") is lastly deadly; Then both news & weather began reporting many wrathful  "worst" (OT word) scenarios + "death" tolls ww. Hmmm. 
Seems as if bwd←BC time reversal somehow began, allegory as if bwd to ill side of ill-u-sion; Whereby "evil concupiscence" of law takes control of ppl to mass kill others; And so many occurances all 3 major religions ask where is a safe place?
For word "worst" only occurs once in Bible, in Ez 7:24←BC; Followed by "Destruction cometh; and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none". But this is of OT LORD & prophet called Son of man, not of NT God & Son of God. Hmmm.
Seems Amos 5:18 said the day[light] of the LORD(Yehovah) is darkness, and not light (as if allegory for it's law, not grace). Seems why in NT Luke 11:35 JC came & said: take heed therefore that the light in thee be not darkness. Hmmm.
In BC← & →AD times of OT← & →NT contrast, 
- bwd←OT says "worst" & "destruction" & no peace to seek.
- fwd→NT says "Grace, mercy, and peace", from "God" our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ (grace & truth).
So how does "worst"←BC occur in AD→only goes fwd?
Seems how is modern bibles remove "Christ" from the end: Rev 22:21, thereby still gives place to d-evil-ish bwd←BC stuff such as deadly harm in synagogues, mosques, churches.
Seems why the end to end-ure unto in KJV has no mention of f-law to any, only "grace" being "with" you "all" (against none):
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus→Christ" [be/is] with you all. Amen.

