---
title: "post 1918"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\March\post_1918.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2020
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:16:04.918104
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M------ar-----ch-------1,--2--0----2-0
---

## Content

"Law of God" & "God of all grace": Do these phrases portray the same God? Is there any law in a God of "all grace"?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Paul mentions "law of God" & "wrath of God"; Yet also "law" worketh "wrath" were childish imaginations he "put away" as mind error that there be law or wrath of a 2Cor 9:8 "God" able to make "all grace" abound toward you; As from a "God of all grace" (no 
law, no wrath), as in 1Pet 5:10. For...
If there be a God having judgmental law & wrath, who'd dare approach such God, lest he might be having a day of wrath. So in Paul's epistles he begins greeting brethren with "Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father", prior to allegoric law/grace contrasts to help all put away erroneous thought grace gifted "righteousness" of God has any law or wrath. 
Seems then Paul's mention of "all have sinned and come short of the glory of God", is by mind error, or unawareness the "eternal glory" of God is of the "God of all grace" (no law).
Seems that God is allegory described as "the only true God", which "cannot lie", as "God of all grace" cannot law. He is not God of the dead, but God of the living, as if to allegory say true God is not law, but grace. That God is "God of all comfort" & "God of peace" & God who "upbraideth not" & "the only wise God our Saviour" who will not only have all men saved, but also come unto the knowledge [epignosis] of the truth, about God, and about our true reality being all grace.
Seems then, to be as perfectly loving, graceful, merciful, peaceful as that God is light (awareness) having no darkness (ignorance), we have to put away a God having law & wrath.
Seems until we do, law & wrath things may still manifest, due to imaginations contrary to God's wisdom & knowledge not yet being put away as mind error, causes illusion, delusion to manifest; Even "worst"←BC scenarios with "death" tolls.
 Interesting "mystery" details to notice/learn for awareness.
 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/IS] with you all. Amen.

