---
title: "post 2398"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\April\post_2398.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2022
comments: 4
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:51:00.862018
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M---a-r-c--h-31-------,--2------0-2-----2
---

## Content

BLESSED: 
Are Romans 4: 7 & 8 as if a Law Blessed & Grace Blessed contrast? 
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Rom 
4:7 (from Psalm 32:1)
"Blessed THEY whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered". (note: seems as if diaper blessed with a cover up).
Rom 4:8 (from Psalm 32:2) 
"Blessed the MAN [aner] to whom the Lord will not impute sin".  (note: no sin even imputed to forgive nor cover up).
Rom 4:7's possible Problem: 
Mt 18:23-35 portrayed if law forgiven it can later on also become unforgiven & tormented after (as if both good and evil after). 
And 
Mt 10:26; Lk 8:17; Lk 12:2 portrayed cover ups may later on get uncovered and made known (as if to reveal if dung not yet flushed when man, it can be shame by uncovering the cover up).
Rom 4:8's possible Solution: 
it's notably a "man" upgrade (in greek), 
From 'anthropos' man = law judge-mental is self-condemning in Rom 2:1, and a liar in Rom 3:4; 
To 'aner' man blessed in Rom 4:8:, for an 'aner' man's head is Christ (aka end of the law) in 1Cor 11:3, for aner man has put away child-ish things (laws, cover ups) in 1Cor 13:11, to be perfect Christ-like man [aner] in Eph 4:13, is then be no more child-ren in Eph 4:14.
Also:
If there's no mention of grace, yet, in Mt or Mk, then are the 9 mentions of "Blessed" in Mt 5:3-11 still as if being law blessed? 
Interesting law/grace stuff to notice, ponder, study, discuss.
What are your insights about Rom 4:7 & 8 Blessed(s)?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

