---
title: "post 0943"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\October\post_0943.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2016
comments: 11
scraped: 2025-11-11T21:44:56.586520
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

NEW COVENANT? Although a "better covenant" of a LORD (not God) in a "better testament", as what's mediated by a "mediator"  man: "Christ Jesus" (not Jesus Christ) speaking "better things"; IT is NOTABLY still to & for "THEM" (not us). So then, not [yet] what's Best of Good, Better, Best; As if not [yet] the "rest' of the story, which is 3rd of 3 things, like "greatest" of great, greater, greatest; Rather than only being "better" or 
"greater" of old/new covenants. 
When uncovered, as if first by revelation (uncover & make known), Then also by study, a new covenant may only be Better Law, not [yet} Pure Grace; As if not [yet] Pure Religion (paid a visit, not a ransom), nor [yet] Pure Wisdom (GraceToU from God), which has No Partiality Nor Hypocrisy (no such leaven in higher heaven).
So, let's investigate this "new covenant" to see it may pose more questions than solutions, by seeing what's also written about it:
- Question 1: WHY is a new covenant of a "LORD" (Y@hovah) in Jeremiah 31:31; Notably a "LORD" whose command differed from God's in Noah's Ark story (Genesis 7 & 8); And a "LORD" who's day(light) is described as "darkness, and not light" in Amos 5:18?
- Question 2: HOW does a LORD (who's day is darkness) differ from "that God" is light (has no darkness in him at all: 1John 1:5)?
- Question 3: WHY does a new covenant still have TWO houses: "house of Israel & house of Judah" (Jer 31:31; Heb 8:8)? Shouldn't a house of God, if "God is one", be only one house, containing all?
- Question 4: WHY does Heb 7:11-14 note the "priesthood" being changed is still only a "change of the law", not [yet] "the end of the law", which Christ [of through our Lord Jesus Christ] is: Rom 10:4; And why is it "evident" that "our Lord" sprang "out of Juda", of which there's nothing said, by Moses, about "priesthood"? Do we need a new high priest, mediator, vicar, pastor, to go to God?
- Question 5: WHY are there different (reverse) things said in Heb 8:10 & 10:16 KJV , re them/us? Eg: 8:10 (Israel) = "I will put my laws into their mind, and write them in their hearts" & 10:16 (us) = "I will put my laws into their hearts, and in their minds will I write them". So, is a Holy "Ghost" perhaps not [yet] "Spirit of truth"? 
- Question 6: WHY does Heb 8:12 & 10:17 KJV say "will I" (not I will) re remembering their sins and iniquities no more?
- Quetion 7: WHY is "Christ Jesus": new high priest (Heb 3:1): mediator (Mr In Between, "Between" God & men='anthropos') himself also an 'anthropos' man in 1Tim 2:5 (Greek)? Why does Rom 3:4 (Greek) say to let God be true, we let EVERY 'anthropos' man be a "liar", which includes CJ: mediator man='anthropos? Why does Phil 2:5-11 portray CJ getting crucified, so JC can be risen instead, and such is to the glory of God? How does CJ differ from JC, and why does CJ only occur from Acts 19 to 1Pet 5? Why do these verses portray this: CJ (reverse of JC) = created (of created/made) = them (of them/us) = before (of before/after) = suffer (Rom 8:1; Eph 2:10; 2Tim 3:12; 1Pet 5:10).

