---
title: "post 2087"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\March\post_2087.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:41:38.848633
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --M----------a---r--ch-17-,--20---2----1-
---

## Content

Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Re SAVED [sozo] by GRACE [charis] ... as the GIFT [doron] of God  
Of 110x SOZO (saved, made whole, save, heal) mentions nearly 30 are in Mt & Mk; But no GRACE [charis] is mentioned yet in Mt or Mk, none till LukeWarm 2:40. So Mt & Mk may still be as a cOLD (law & prophets) mode of cOLD←>LukeWarm→Hot modes of seek & find.
Seems why in Mt 21:11 Jesus that Palm Sunday entered Jerusalem with 2 driven & led multitudes was called the prophet (Dt 18:15,18) of Nazareth (a Nazarene: Mt 2:23, a Nazarite: Num 6). Seems why in Mk 16 even a resurrected Jesus of "Nazareth" still "upbraided" & "damned", as if still in a cOLD law mode after cross until ascended. So in Rom→fwd, as then the gospel of "Christ", there's no more mention of Nazarite, Nazarene, Nazareth, for Jesus as Christ.
And in Mt 24:12,13 this Jesus (as prophet of Nazareth), said because inquity shall abound the love of many shall wax cOLD. But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved [sozo].
Then, in LukeWarm mode (Luke - Acts), both favour [charis] & grace [charis] occur; But favour only 6x from Lk 1:30 to Acts 25:3, lastly "against" Paul with intent to "kill". In contrast "grace" occurs 130x from Lk 2:40 to Rev 22:21, never against any, but with you all.
So it seems, based on such researched info, it may not be accurate to define "grace" as undeserved "favour", not even if they both mean 'charis' in Greek; Since "grace" is so exceedingly "much more", that "favour" never occurs past Acts 25:3. Seems favour [charis] suggests  partiality, but the Grace [charis] of God & his Christ has no partiality. Grace is freely given to all.
Interesting how only in Eph 2:8,9's mention (to saints in "Christ Jesus") re saved by grace through faith is it noted as the "gift [doron] of God"; not of works lest any man should boast. For twice before (Rom 6:23, 1Cor 7:7) & once after (2Tim 1:6) Paul used 'charisma' (not doron) for 3 of his 4 mentions of "gift of God". In Rom 6:23 NT "eternal life" (contrasted with OT "everlasting life" in 6:22) is the "gift [charisma] of God" through "Jesus Christ" our Lord.
Jn 1:17 noted in contrast to the law was given by Moses, grace and truth came by "Jesus Christ". Jn 17:2-4 noted JC is sent by "the only true God" to kNOW, who'd given him a work to do: give "eternal life" (not reversed life eternal, nor OT/NT everlasting life, nor NT life everlasting), a "work" he said he'd "finished" even before the cross. 
Interesting "mystery" aspects of saved by grace to notice & discuss.
What are your insights about such things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

