---
title: "post 1692"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\April\post_1692.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:35:11.740972
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
MYSTERY aspects of Bible story to notice & ask God WHY:
WHY does Mk 16:6-18 say "risen" Jesus (Palm Sunday called "prophet" in Mt 21:11) of "Nazareth" still "upbraided" & "damned" after cross? Why "upbraided" & "damned" before & after cross differs from God "upbraideth not" in Jam 1:5?
WHY no grace in Mt & Mk = never forgiveness in Mt 12:32 & Mk 3:29 b/c no grace 
till LukeWarm 2:40; But in Lk 12:51 Nay to peace, still division & Lk 13:32 still not yet perfected when cast out devils & do cures, but shall be the third day; Yet even when the third day (2nd coming) in Lk 24:21, still no Peace unto you yet till Lk 24:36 (3rd coming)? 
WHY, if will of God is "have mercy, and not sacrifice" (Hos 6:2... Mt 9:13; 12:7), "mercy upon all" (Rom 11:32b), "mercy" we may "obtain" at "throne of grace" (Heb 4:16), is there no mercy mention in John, or 1John, or Revelation? Is it why Jude 1:21b says look for the "mercy" (not sacrifice) of "our" Lord "Jesus Christ" unto "eternal life"(doesn't occur in Rev)?
WHY, in John 17:2-4, did Jesus note this is "life eternal" (not eternal life), so as "Jesus Christ" (grace & truth: Jn 1:17), sent by "only true God" to give "eternal life" (God that "cannot lie" promised: Tit 1:2); So he should give "eternal life" to as many given him & by did that, said he'd "finished" the "work" given him before the cross? Why then a 2nd "finished" in Jn 19:30? Isn't 2nd finished in a human race called place, of place/win?
WHY did Jesus reveal, about himself, in John 5:25-29, that while 2Sons: NT Son of God + OT Son of man, he still had 2Voices: "live" + "judgment also" = bad end of twain; So if still 2Sons in Mt-Acts, but beyond LukeWarm plural Acts No more Son of man, Only Son of God; Is it why Paul then calls it only the gospel of "Christ", of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ"?
WHY do most modern bibles remove Christ from the end in Rev 22:21 & infer grace of Jesus partial to believers only? Isn't there some notable Jesus & Christ differences? 
I agree it's a story (not our reality IS eternal LIFE has no begin nor end), mystery with twists written for our learning journey. Seems begin requires "endure unto the end". If remove Christ from the end, then seems bwd←BC manifests on earth, such as "worst"←OT scenarios + "death" tolls in news & weather.
So
For story versions, especially the end, I prefer KJV ends best; By not remove Christ & grace (God) of JC not against any: The grace of our Lord "Jesus→Christ" [be/is] "with" you "all". Amen.

