---
title: "post 1658"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\February\post_1658.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:21:18.512081
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

A "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" mystery: Of both used in Philippians 2:5-11 it concludes every tongue should confess that "Jesus Christ" is Lord, to the glory of the Father. Why?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Many Bible readers have not [yet] noticed after Saul became Paul he also got further changed from "Christ Jesus" mode (Acts 19:4) to "Jesus Christ" mode (Acts 28:31). So then, in 
Romans→fwd, 1st clarifies he's now in "Jesus Christ" mode & turns "Christ Jesus" around to "Jesus Christ" in epistles. Why?
Christ Jesus = mediator = "between" God & men: 1Tim 2:5.
Mediation, even of a new covenant, is not yet reconciliation.
God "reconciled" us to himself by "Jesus Christ": 2Cor 5:18. 
To wit, that God was in Christ "reconciling" the world (kosmos) to himself: 2Cor 5:19  ... perhaps so there be no more world (aion) without end in Christ Jesus mode: Eph 3:21. 
While 57 mentions of "Christ Jesus", it's only from Acts 19:4 to 1Pet 5:14. "Christ Jesus" does NOT occur beyond 1Pet 5; Then it's  ONLY "Jesus Christ", mentioned 198 times (much more) from Mt 1:1 (NT begin) to Rev 22:21 (NT end). Why?
The generation(genesis) of JC differs from ages(genea) of CJ.
Grace and truth came by JC, for righteousness upon all men.
Jesus Christ = same yester day & to day & for ever: Heb 13:8.
Clarity: this post is not to speak against them in Christ Jesus mode, but to encourage investigation of the CJ & JC mystery. 
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus Christ" [be/is] with you all. Amen.

