---
title: "post 1266"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\October\post_1266.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:21:41.474265
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

OUR LEARNING is like a 3 staged process of going through lies... to lie/truth duality... to "all truth" = neither lies nor both lie/truth twain, lastly being one above twain. Allegory like thru OT laws... to NT law/grace duality... to NT "all grace" = neither law nor both law/grace, 3rdly above twain. Allegory like thru discomfort... to discomfort/comfort duality... to "all comfort" = neither discomfort nor both discomfort/comfort. 
Allegory like thru great... to great/greater duality... to greatest (of three) = then neither great nor both great/greater. So...
biblical mention of "the only true God" = "only true", and "the God of all comfort" = "all comfort", and "the God of all grace" = "all grace", and "greatest" of "three" things never fails; By not think evil (reverse of live) nor both evil/live, only live... 
Consider false/true Y2Ks was still twain, so not yet God is one; And true of twain (2ends of 2millennial last "days") did allow us to go on into a third "day" of AD beyond Y2Ks. Yet then leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law' = 'new world order'; As if to draw many back under law iff not fully grown up above law/grace to "all grace", like in Hebrews 13:9 a heart should be established "with grace" as if then neither "under law" nor "under grace". For even "under grace" still only better of under/under, not yet above of under/above....
So we grow in grace unto a God "higher than the heavens" on high, as unto a higher God than a plural them/us God on high who provided "better" things for "us" of them/us twain; But "better" only 2/3 of 3: good, better, best=rest of story. Even "greater" love only 2/3 of great, greater, greatest=never fail.
Seems Matthew 24:12 said "love(agape) of many shall wax cOLD", of cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot. But it's because there's NO mention of grace in Matthew or Mark. Even one mention of grace in Luke was still only upon the "child" of Jesus' babe, child, man modes; As if still only LukeWarm; So in Luke 13:32 he said he was not [yet] perfected, but shall be a third day. What if he meant a third day beyond Y2Ks?

