---
title: "post 1644"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\January\post_1644.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2019
comments: 3
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T09:51:46.052552
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Which Jesus? Why? When 2Sons: Son of God + Son of man, Jesus had 2Voices that said contrary things. Let's investigate.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ. 
Son of man Jesus ← & → Son of God Jesus say contrary things 
In 
John 5:25-29 Jesus revealed this about himself: when he's still 2Sons: Son of God + Son of man, he still had 2Voices: 
- Voice of Son of God says: "live" (aka grace & truth)
- Voice of Son of man says: "judgment also" (aka law also).
Also 2Resurrections: of life (grace) + of damnation (law). OMG
By search, he's 2Sons: Son of God + Son of man in Mt-Acts; But beyond Acts, then NO more Son of man (OT term), ONLY Son of God, and then called "the gospel of Christ" = 1Son, of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ" we have peace with God. 
John 3:17 clarified God sent "Son" (not  2Sons), and not condemn(law), but save(grace) the world is "through him", and Jn 20:31 clarified "through his name" (thru J→C).
Paul explains, in Ephesians 2:15, of "twain" in himself (of Son of God + Son of man) he abolished the "enmity" = "law" (OT Son of man stuff) to be "one" new man, so making "peace".
In John 3:14 Son of man refers to himself as a "serpent". It explains why, in Mk 16:14-18, when a Son of man Jesus returned to eleven (after resurrected & ascended on high), he still "upbraided" & "damned"... until Mk 16:19 notes Jesus then re-ascended to be "sat" down on right hand of "God". (in Hebrews 1:3...13 he first sat down on right hand of "Majesty" on high, but there still had "enemies" = still had "enmity").
In Acts 7:55,56 it still portrayed both Jesus & Son of man "standing" (not sat) on right hand of God; But in Colossians 3:1 Paul clarifies Christ "sitteth" on right hand of God. 
It's why Paul clarifies several times peace & victory are through Jesus→Christ. For in 2SonsJesus it was still both new + old, but in 1SonChrist it's all things new: 2Cor 5:17.
So, when people say believe Jesus, I ask: which Jesus? 
(not said to speak against Jesus, but to promote Christ)
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] "with you ALL". Amen.

