---
title: "post 3259"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\March\post_3259.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2024
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T20:47:57.252054
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M---------arch------2-8-,--------20---24
---

## Content

ISRAEL'S WAR ON GAZA?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
It's been reported: 
there 
has never been a war where 80% of the country has been decimated, over 80% of the population displaced, and over 50% of the dead women and children (under 16)...
So far, over 30,000 bombs/artillery/drones have killed over 30,000 CIVILIANS, of which 50% are CHILDREN: about 15,000 children (counting those missing: aka still under the rubble);
This in an open air prison, about 25 miles long by 10 miles wide.
So far, the bombs have hit homes, schools, churches, mosques, hospitals, UN supplies, ambulances, doctors, nurses, teachers, UN aid workers, etc.
So far, aid supplies of about 500 trucks per day has been hindered by Israel to less than 100/day, sometimes 0; to the point 2M people are not just hungry, but starving, and medical needs are not met.
So, it's been reported a genocide may be in progress,
agreed upon by more than 70% of Israel,
and $upported by more than 50% of USA;
But condemned by many UN countries.
It's been reported that an IDF soldier killing a Palestinian (not just Hamas) in Gaza or in West Bank, for any reason, would have committed no crime.
WOW.
USA has twice secretly (using a clause in State Dept about security of USA) sent about 100M of weapons to Israel without passage of Congress, making USA somewhat complicit in the killings.
HMMM...
It's beginning to downgrade world opinion of Israel & USA;
And concern Arab countries in the Middle East, along with Russia & China about war escalation in the region & Red Sea shipping.
What are your insights about this? 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

