---
title: "post 1066"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\February\post_1066.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T19:36:34.126771
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: D--e----ce---mbe----r---6,-----20-------1-----6
---

## Content

Worthy of sharing -- Susan McCook's chat with God & observations of what book of 1John is discussing. Thanks for sharing, Susan.

For years, I would tell God I was a sinner with no response. Then one day, God wanted to know why I was accusing Him of creating a sinner. 
I 
replied "you didn't make me that way. I did. Or maybe Adam did - not sure" 
God refused to affirm "what I made myself to be" or what an "earthly Adam" influenced me to think about myself as the truth. 
God wanted me to stand in agreement with how He made me - and said that to know exactly what that is, I could look at Jesus, who is a display of "truth" in this matter. 
I agreed at the time, but then later, I questioned God, asking "what about what is written in 1 John, where it says that if we say we have no sin, the truth is not in us?" 
God - pleased that I question all things including what I think I "hear" -  responded "Sit down and let us reason, beloved child"
I sat "at His feet" and learned that recognizing the lack of love, thoughts and actions that harm others, etc ("sin") is profitable - but that I should also note that 1 John also points out that Christ appeared to remove sin and there is no sin in him. 
No one who remains in him (living according to the truth) is sinning. All that sin do not yet know nor have seen him (truth). 
Then God  pointed out something else in the book, which is that Antichrist spirits went forth "out of us" but were not "of us" ("Wow, God. I always thought that verse meant that those spirits were sent TO US - I sure got that wrong")
When we recognize sin and call ourselves a sinner as a result, that is just the beginning of a process described in 1 John. We can't stop there and call that "the truth" - for we go on to be cleansed of lies and negative thoughts, to have talks with God to be "set straight" on what we are misunderstanding, the difference between truth/lie, temporal/eternal, etc 
We go from declaring "I found sin in myself" and defining ourselves by it to "God is who defines me, and HE is the ONE who has always defined me" Any "defining" to the contrary is "living a lie"
THAT journey is what the book of 1 John is discussing. 
But I wondered what if someone skipped the recognizing sin in themselves part and went straight to seeing themselves as God made them- does that make them a liar. 
God was clear "No!" We are unique individuals. The process described in the book of 1 John is NOT "how it has to happen for everyone" - it is the way it happens for many, but is not a "rule" for how people must come to recognize the truth. 
Have a chat with God for yourself. See if God affirms a "temporal you" that "you made" or that another individual influenced you to be like or if He only affirms HIS WORK as the "truth" about you. 
God will let us think and believe what we want - but won't agree with our feelings and perspectives all the time, even if we think we have a ton of evidence to back it up and even if that evidence is something we saw in scripture.

