---
title: "post 1629"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\December\post_1629.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:15:54.214780
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: N-o------v--------e--m-be--r3----,--2-018------
---

## Content

OldCovenant/NewCovenant of OT LORD? Let's investigate.
Grace, Mercy, and Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Although new covenant seems nicer than old; Because both of OT LORD, I suggest new covenant believers investigate these things FYI (not to speak against, but to aware about):
- 
Both old/new covenants are of an OT "LORD" (Jer 31:31). Neither are of "God", who in Heb 1:1,2 has not spake to us by "prophets" (like Jer) in time past (OT = BC), but has spoken to us in last days (NT = AD) by "Son" (not 2Sons, but 1Son).
Re OT LORD (Yahovah):
- notice in Noah's ark story, Gen 6 - 8, "LORD" saw both clean & unclean, but "God" didn't; So "God" said 2 of each will do (to keep seed alive), but "LORD" said 7's & 2's; Perhaps to sacrifice clean & repopulate with unclean. Worth a re-read. 
- notice in Jer 23:39 LORD said: I will utterly forget you, and forsake you. Heb 13:5 says I will never leave nor forsake you, about God, who never changes
- notice in Amos 5:18 the day of the "LORD" is darkness, and not light (allegory law, not grace); But in 1Jn 1:5 "God" is light (grace) having no darkness (law) in him at all. Seems why JC said, in Lk 11:35, take heed the light in thee be not darkness.
Re New Covenant: (Jeremiah & Hebrews)
- Notice it's for two houses: house of Israel and house of Judah. But household of God is one, not two nor divided.
- LORD said he'd still new covenant put (plural) laws (not grace) in (plural) hearts & minds of Israel; And though says he won't remember sins, didn't say he wouldn't impute sins.
- As for Juda, nothing ever said of "priesthood": Heb 7:14. So  
new "high priest": "Christ Jesus" (Heb 3:1) doesn't apply. 
Seems why, in Hebrews, like in all his epistles, Paul turns "Christ Jesus" (mediator) around to "Jesus Christ" (reconciler).
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

