---
title: "post 1150"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\June\post_1150.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T20:31:30.761364
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"to the glory of the Father". WHAT IS? Philippians 2:11 KJV: "And that every TONGUE should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord".  WHAT DOES IT MEAN? 
It means "grace and truth (not law & surely die = lie) came by Jesus Christ" (not Christ Jesus): John 1:17 KJV, and "the only true God" sent "Jesus Christ" to give "eternal life" (not life eternal): John 17:2-4 KJV, so every TONGUE should confess "Grace and Truth" is Lord, "to the glory of 
the Father".
It's about CJ is NOT JC. It occurs in Philippians 2:5-11 KJV, where it begins with CJ being a Lord, but ends with every TONGUE should confess JC is Lord to the glory of the Father. It also comes after every KNEE should bow at the name of Jesus, is only "highly" exalted of high/higher exalted(s).
For CJ (mediator of Better Law, not [yet] Grace and Truth) took upon him the form of a "servant" (not a Son: Gal 4:1-7), a servant (slave) of an OT LORD, who was first made (under the law, not [yet] under grace: Gal 4:4) in the likeness of men('anthropos' = judge-mental = self-condemning: Rom 2:1, and a "liar": Rom 3:4). WOW, that's neither easily seen in English mode nor ever preached by any CJ ministers)... 
So then, when he (as CJ man = 'anthropos': 1Tim 2:5) found himself to be in this fashion of a man('anthropos') he humbled himself (for God only gives grace to the humble), and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross (where law gets nailed as lie, thereby abolished as enmity = the enemy)...
So then God firstly "highly exalted him", that at the name of (risen) Jesus every KNEE should bow. But this is not [yet] the end of Phil 2:5-11, which ends with AND every TONGUE should confess Jesus Christ (aka Grace & Truth) is Lord, which is "to the glory of the Father" = GRACE GLORY.
For as 2Cor 3:7-11 portrays, when Law glory is properly compared & contrasted with Grace glory, then Grace glory is found to be so exceedingly "much more" excelling (like so much abounding than law, in Rom 5;20), that by  reason of comparison & law/grace contrast, Law then has NO GLORY. So then all law, written in stone & ink, should be "done away".
Why? Because even NT Better Law mediated by CJ as a "better covenant", of old/new covenants, is still "of" an OT LORD (not of God): Jeremiah 31:31, who in Jeremiah 23:39 said "I will forsake you"; And even a "new covenant" of this OT LORD still has two houses: Israel & Juda, where laws are still put in hearts & minds of Israel. It makes for division, not unity, and for dissimulation, not inclusion. 
Even in Juda mode there is no mention of "priesthood", so our Lord "sprang" OUT of Juda, to then be made "higher than the (plural) heavens" on high; Which is like a higher us-ward than just right of left/right heavens (for them/us) on high, and then called "undefiled" & "harmless" us: Heb 7:26, as if then a higher heaven having no more leaven, nor them/us duality.
So 2Timothy 3:12 noted all who will live godly (as if still childish-adults = oxymoron) in CJ (reverse of JC) shall "suffer" persecution. So to end this "suffer" mode, we also get made (of created/made) more perfect than before, by the God of all grace = ALL GRACE in 1Peter 5:10; Then no more mention of "Christ Jesus" beyond 1Peter 5, only "Jesus Christ".
Hope that FYI rant made some sense. 
For me, 
it took asking the God who does not even upbraid for His Wisdom (as noted in James 1:5-8), to then get revelations & study hints (to confirm the revelations) from the Spirit of grace and truth thereof, about CJ is not JC, 
So CJ had to get crucified, and I had to get crucified with him, so that my tongue could then confess JC (Grace & Truth) is Lord, to the glory of the Father. 
Clarity: it's not posted for any accusation nor condemnation to "them" still in CJ mode, but as if a beseeching for them to go fwd in their journey, from CJ mode to JC mode, then even "through our Lord Jesus Christ", from his Jesus mode to his Christ mode, because therein his Christ mode we C so "much more" than before. Yet there's even more yet, such as ALSO "through Christ God-ward" to be reconciled unto God, notably by & unto that God who was in Christ, who cannot lie nor die.

