---
title: "post 1690"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\April\post_1690.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:34:47.037125
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Bible Question: WHY do these words & phrases CEASE being mentioned at some point in allegoric biblical story? Eg:
- "worst" only once occurs in OT Ez 7:24, but never again.
- as if why "justice" never again occurs past OT Ez 45:9.
- "Zion" never occurs past OT Zec 9:13, then only "Sion".
Then, also in NT, a similar CEASE of mention for these:
- dble "Master, master": Lk 8:24 & "Verily, verily": Jn 21:18.
- "life eternal" (reverse of "eternal life") ceases in Jn 17:3.
- "favour"(charis) Acts 25:3 ceases, but not "grace"(charis).
- "Son of man" ceases in Acts 7:56 (until Rev 1:13); So of 2Sons: OT Son of man & NT Son of God, then only 1Son.
- "Nazareth" ceases in Acts (as if to end Jesus being "prophet" of "Nazareth" who still had both nice & nasty prophecies).
- "Saul", as dble "Saul, Saul", ceases in Acts 26:14.
- OT "everlasting life" (reverse of NT "life everlasting") ceases in Rom 6:22 when contrasted with "eternal life" = gift of God.
- "life everlasting" also 1Tim 1:16 ceases, so only "eternal life".
- "wrath to come" (of John the Baptist) ceases in 1Thes 1:10.
- "highminded" (listed among unholy) ceases in 2Tim 3:4.
- "Majesty on high" (where Jesus 1st sat) ceases in Heb 1:3.
(as if b/c at "right hand" Jesus still had "enemies": Heb 1:13)
- "mediator" ceases in Heb 12:24 (as if to end mediation).
- so even "new covenant" mediating ceases in Heb 12:24.
- "conscience" (began in Jn 8:9) ceases in 1Pet 3:21.
- "Christ Jesus" (reverse of "Jesus Christ") 1Pet 5:14 ceases.
- "divine" (OT word only twice used in NT) ceases in 2Pet 1:4.
- even "love" ceases to be mentioned in Rev 3:19. OMG.
But what never ceases is "grace" of "Jesus Christ" in KJV end:
(note: most modern bibles now remove "Christ" in Rev 22:21) 
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus Christ" [be/is] "with" you "all". Amen.

