---
title: "post 1927"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\March\post_1927.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:17:55.105520
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Jan---u-a-ry----------15-,----------2--0----2-0
---

## Content

Hebrews 6:1-3 (noted below): 2 Questions & some greek info:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
1, As Heb 6:1,2 lists 6 things to leave, to go on unto perfection as 7th; Could it allegory be as if leave 6 days in Gen 1 for 7th day in Gen 2 has no even-ing & mourn-ing, as if leave 6 non-eternal days for 7th eternal day? Seems on 7th day it notes God did 3 things prior to rested: blessed it, sanctified it, 
ended all work created & made.
2. As Heb 6:3 also says: And this will we do "if" God permit; Why would God not "permit" go on? Could "if" allegory suggest if not yet willing to leave all 6 listed, it could be as if take a little leaven into heaven? 
Also interesting, in greek, 7 kinds of "perfect", even 4 kinds of "perfection" in the "mystery":
Lk 8:14 perfection = telesphoreo
2Cor 13:9 perfection = katartisis
Heb 6:1 perfection = teleiotes
Heb 7:11 perfection = teleiosis
Hmmm.
Mt 5:48 be ye perfect=teleios (where no grace mentioned yet).
1Pet5:10 made perfect=katartizo (by God of all grace = no law).
Hebrews 6:1-3 KJV:
1.Therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection; not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God, 2. Of the doctrine of baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment. 3. And this will we do, if God permit.
Interesting "mystery" details to notice for our awareness sake.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

