---
title: "post 1637"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\January\post_1637.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T09:50:37.597638
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace (to all), from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. A biblical "mystery" to investigate: 
1Cor 13 KJV uses "charity" (agape2), not "love" (agape1), to describe a "more excellent" way (1Cor 12:31). Why? 
Perhaps because:
- in 
Mt 24:12 Jesus noted the love (agape1) of many "shall" wax cOLD when iniquity shall abound (as if saying when no grace, love can fail); And...
- in 1Jn 4 love (agape1) has to be perfected to be "perfect" love, and in 1Jn there's no grace, nor mercy, nor peace yet; but in 2Jn all three, from God the "Father", and from the Lord "Jesus Christ" the Son; And...
- although love (agape1) is the "great" commandment x2 in the "law" (Mt 22:36-40), and "greater" love is more than "great"; Only "charity" thinketh "no evil" (1Cor 13:5 KJV), neither to punish nor forgive, is "greatest" of "three" (allegory great, greater, greatest) in 1Cor 13:13 KJV. So...
in Col 3:12-15 KJV, "charity" (not love) can be new man put on above forgiving; As charity thinks no evil (aka no law). And...
in 1Tim 1:5 KJV Now the end of the "commandment" (love one another) is "charity", out of a "pure" heart (established with grace). 
Such is not said to speak against love, no, for God is love (agape1), inseparable love (agape1) in Rom 8:38,39; But such is still in descending "Christ Jesus" mode, also re-ascends in "Jesus Christ" mode; For "Christ Jesus" mode NEVER occurs past 1Pet 5:14, after made "perfect" by the God of "all grace" in 1Pet 5:10, which then ends "suffer" in "Christ Jesus" mode noted in 2Tim 3:12.
Hope that made some sense, as to why the end written doesn't say love, but says:
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

