---
title: "post 1411"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\March\post_1411.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:59:30.845983
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --Ma-rc-------h----2--4----,-20---1----8-
---

## Content

evil? What is evil? What's it's source? Why is evil reverse of live?
What is evil can be learned by connect these NT verses:
- Our Father ... deliver us from "evil": Mt 6:13; Luke 11:4
- now we are delivered from the "law": Romans 7:6.
So 
then, law = "both good and evil", is lastly "evil"
What's the source of evil can be learned from Isaiah 45:7:
"I (LORD, not God) form the light, and create darkness, I make peace and create evil. I the LORD (aka LAW) do all these things".
So then, source of evil (aka of law) is the LORD, is not God.
- In Noah's Ark story God(elohyim) & LORD(Yahovah) differ.
- In Amos 5:18 the day[light] of the LORD is darkness, and not light (allegory for it's law, and not grace). So...
- In Luke 11:35 JC (grace & truth sent from the only true God) said take heed the light in thee be not darkness.
Why is evil reverse of live, is simply a mirror thing. Eg: show live to a mirror and it will reverse it to evil. It's to help us learn how law is allegorically reverse of grace, like a mirror "image" is reverse of our "likeness".
So then, allegorically 
- in Eph 4: neither give place to d-evil = stop giving place to law; And put away "evil speaking" = put away law speaking. 
- in Col 3:5 "evil concupiscence" is law concupiscence; Witch causes law abiders to do awful things
- in 1Pet 4:14 speak evil of God = speak law of Grace 
Clarity: not said to speak against law, but aware what it is.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.

