---
title: "post 1318"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\December\post_1318.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:41:35.223173
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

ABOVE & BEYOND how Christian differs from Jew, ALSO how New way (2nd) differs from New AND Living way (3rd): 
For...
- Of twain, 1st a difference of 1) old & 2) new ways; BUT... 
- When 3: 1)Old way 2)New way 3)New AND living way.
Some 
biblical examples:
1)BroadWay 2)NarrowWay 3)MoreExcellentWay: 1Cor 12:31.
1)Great 2)Greater of Two 3)Greatest of Three: 1Cor 13:1-13.
1)OldCovenant 2)NewCovenant=Better 3)Best=Rest of story.
Some explain:
Jesus (made under law) 1st contrasted broad/narrow ways of many/few: Matthew 7:13,14, saying narrow way leadeth to life; So instead of OT "walk before me" said NT "follow me". Yes, BUT...
Neither "many" Nor "few" are yet "ALL"; and 
in Mt 21:9, still being 2SonsJesus, still had 2 (Palm Sunday) driven(went before) & led(followed) "multitudes" (not one); 
AND 
narrow way not yet "eternal life", but only 1st leads forward ("through our Lord Jesus Christ") unto a more excellent way is then ALSO upward ("through Christ to God-ward"), to then be reconciled to what's above & beyond broad/narrow "ways" are still as "double minded" = still "unstable" (James 1:8). 
FOR 
No mention of any grace, yet, in Matthew nor Mark. So therein Jesus still only teaches better law, by his "change of the law" (Mt 5:43,44... Heb 7:12); 
SO Not Yet grace. For 
he noted he's still not [yet] perfected in Luke 13:32; And 
because of this: 
in Mt-Acts still 2Sons: Son of man = OT & Son of God = NT.
Heb 1:1,2 notes this about such: "God" has only spoken to "us" by "Son": Neither in time past by any prophets, Nor even in last days by plural Sons, but notably ONLY by "Son". 
SO, 
what's in Mt-Acts = still Sons was for & to "them": Israel; 
Not yet what's for us nor to us, later on in the NT story.
SO
Beyond Acts, NO mention of Son of man, ONLY Son of God. 
Then "gospel of God" (not OT LORD) & "gospel of Christ" (of "through our Lord Jesus Christ") so that 
then we have more lasting "peace WITH God" in Christ mode, than temporal peace OF Jesus given to them in Jesus mode. 
SO 
THEN "Grace to you, and peace": Romans-fwd; And then
ALSO a "more excellent way" = "greatest" of "three": 1Cor 13.
FOR 
even in John's account we therein had THREE things noted:
1) 1st upgrade, from believe to know the truth: John 8:30-32.
2) then of 3 things, even "the truth" still only 2/3 in John 14:6.
I am = the way(1/3=0), the truth(2/3=0), AND the life(3/3=1).
3) ALSO further "Spirit" upgrade into "all truth": John 16:13.
SO allegory like 3 biblical modes: 
1) believe 2) kNOW the truth 3) ALSO guide into all truth.
As if 
1)bondage 2)free of OT law by NT better law 3) also all grace.
It's allegory like what's Romans 5:20b,& 5:21b concluded: 
after noting grace DID (already) much more abound than flaw then says 
grace reigns THROUGH righteousness UNTO eternal life,
which is notably "by Jesus Christ our Lord" (not Christ Jesus).
So
1Pet 5:10 KJV notes "the God of all grace" will "make" you (of ye/you) more perfect (more than when "created" in "Christ Jesus" = "before": Eph 2:10 ), "after" ye "suffer" a while (all who will live godly in Christ Jesus shall "suffer": 2Tim 3:12).

