---
title: "post 2266"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\December\post_2266.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:16:13.745244
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"CHRIST JESUS" & "JESUS CHRIST": some DIFFERENCES to ponder?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
It's titled NEW TESTAMENT of our Lord and Saviour "Jesus Christ".
But 
for the "Christ Jesus" mentions it never says "Saviour".
Note: in 1Tim 2:3-5 all men[anthropos] to be saved includes Mr in between: the mediator man[anthropos] "Christ Jesus".
"Jesus Christ" occurs about 196x from Mt 1:1 to Rev 22:21.
"Christ Jesus" occurs 57x only from Acts 19:4 to 1Pet 5:14.
Grace and truth came by "Jesus Christ": John 1:17.
Grace given them in Christ Jesus is by Jesus Christ: 1Cor 1:1-4.
(seems how no condemnation to them in Christ Jesus: Rom 8:1).
In book of Acts, it's notable after a Saul to Paul name change in Acts 13, Paul also goes through further change, from "Christ Jesus" mode in Acts 19:4 to "Jesus Christ" mode in Acts 28:31. 
Then, 
in Romans forward, even though Paul uses both JC & CJ, he always 1st clarifies he's now in JC mode, and then always turns CJ around to JC in all epistles, even in Hebrews: CJ = 3 - 9; JC = 10 - 13.
God has "reconciled" us to himself by "Jesus Christ": 2Cor 5:18.
Seems in "Christ Jesus" mode it's redeemed, not yet reconciled.
In Philippians 2:5-11 it uses both CJ: before & JC: after; Perhaps allegory as if to portray CJ is descend mode & JC ascend mode. Seems CJ descends down to servant & anthropos man mode, so needs to go thru cross to end servant = child mode in Gal 4:1 & anthropos man = liar mode in Rom 3:4.
So after cross
EVERY tongue should confess that "Jesus Christ" is Lord to glory of the Father.
"Jesus Christ" the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.
Seems we cannot say this for "Christ Jesus" mode changes.
Christ Jesus is mediator of new "covenant" (as change of law).
Jesus Christ is mediator of new "testament" (as grace & truth).
Only Paul & Peter mention "Christ Jesus": Paul 55x, 1Peter 2x.
Paul notes both CJ & JC in 1Tim 1:15,16
Such post notes are NOT to diminish CJ nor them in CJ; 
But to notice & ponder why the CJ & JC differences occur.
End to endure unto has no mention of Christ Jesus, only of Jesus Christ.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ (be/is) with you all. Amen.

