---
title: "post 1484"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\June\post_1484.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:29:29.797113
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M-a--y---------3---0---,---20-1---8
---

## Content

Narrow Way? Although Jesus only 1st taught & differentiated 2 Broad/Narrow Ways of Many/Few; For a Broad Way leads bwd to destruction, but a Narrow Way leads fwd to life; I also learned there's a 3rd Way called a "More Excellent Way" to also go on unto; Because neither of Many/Few are yet All.
God's Allness has no partiality to few even though a better way; As if God first provided some "better" thing for "us" of them/us division, to 
help first call us out of them. Yet even us mode, of them/us twain, is still duality, not yet Oneness.
So, by the Spirit of truth, sent by re-ascended Jesus Christ to Father (far above all heavens), to be our new "guide": When "led of the Spirit" we also get guided into the all truth (higher 'epignosis' knowledge) of God's more excellent way. 
By the Spirit, as if by Spiritual revelations revealing the righteousness of God, I learned in Paul's epistles, a narrow way was only like be-come better sort of 2 kinds of children: As if leave children of wicked to be children of God. Yet Paul says "be not children", also put away child-ish to be man-kind.
So a narrow way was only like be-come better sort of 2 kinds of servants: As if leave "servants of sin" to be "servants of righteousness". Yet Paul says in Galatians 4:1-7, as long as a "child" (still needs governing), it differs nothing from being a "servant" (still needs to be commanded), until "no more a servant, but a son".
So then, in Galatians 5, "led of the Spirit" leads us fwd, in love (1st of 9 fruit aspects of "fruit of the Spirit") unto temperance (self-control), then says "no law" against such; As if then no more need to be governed or commanded by laws. So even to bewitched churches of Galatia, Paul greeted "Grace [be] to you, and peace, from God our Father, and [from] our Lord Lord Jesus Christ (by whom came grace and truth). 
A more pure grace of "the God of all grace" (1Pet 5:10) is so much more Amazing; For after we first suffer a while in lower law/grace duality (called double minded) in our first high calling in Christ Jesus, we then get made even more perfect, also stablished, strengthened, settled by the God of "all grace" (neither law nor law/grace duality); Allegory as if turned around from descend to re-ascend in our awareness.
Seems why, beyond 1Pet 5:14, there's no more menton of "Christ Jesus" mode (high calling), then ONLY "Jesus Christ". For as 2Cor 5:18 noted, we get "reconciled" to God by "Jesus Christ" (comes after first suffer in "Christ Jesus": 2Tim 3:12).

