---
title: "post 2954"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\August\post_2954.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T11:55:18.234075
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: -----Aug-us----t--------3--,--2---02---3-
---

## Content

"THE TRUTH" & "ALL TRUTH". Is there some difference? 
Why did Jesus use both in John 16:7-13 KJV, if no difference? 
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
THE 
TRUTH: John 16:7
Nevertheless I tell you THE TRUTH; It is expedient for you that I go away; for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you. ....... 
ALL TRUTH: John 16:13
Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth is come, he will guide you into ALL TRUTH ... he will shew you things to come.
Seems Jesus was saying although he's told "the truth", we also need the Spirit of truth to be our "guide" INTO "all truth"; As if somehow "the truth" is not yet the "all truth". 
Let's investigate 
In John 8:30-32 it contrasted believe & know, clarifying 
know "the truth" shall make you "free" (perhaps free of believe). 
OK. Yet when look at this "free", in Greek mode, it's liberty, but only liberty1 of 2 kinds of liberty: 'eleutheria' & 'apoloyo". So perhaps we need yet more liberty, than just know "the truth".
In John 14:6 we find "the truth" being only 2/3 of 3 things:
I am the way (1/3), "the truth" (2/3), and the life (3/3).
Hmmm, when 3 things, seems then 2/3 = 0, only 3/3 =1.
"and the life" as 3rd of 3 suggests it's more than "the truth". 
With that in mind, let's jump to Romans 5
- 5:10a we were reconciled to God by DEATH of his Son
- 5:10b "much more" we shall be saved by his LIFE .......
- 5:21 grace reigns thru righteousness unto ETERNAL LIFE.
Perhaps only when it's "all grace" will it then be "all truth".
It's interesting to notice James 1:5 KJV introduces a God who "upbraideth not" that people can ask for wisdom from above; Perhaps as if to ask that God for all truth, since even a resurrected Jesus still "upbraided" in Mark 16:14-16, where there's still no mention of grace, but double minded saved or damned=BadEnd.
It's even more interesting to notice in 1Peter 5:10 KJV that a higher converted [epistrepho] Peter (foretold in Luke 22:32) introduces a "God of all grace"; Which would be no law at all (thereby no upbraiding), and perhaps then, by all grace, the all truth. 
Saying in 1Peter 5:10 KJV:
But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, AFTER that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you. 
Hmmm... 
Seems 1Peter 5:10's God of all grace is kinda like meet your Maker (of Creator/Maker), to then be made all grace.
Interesting to notice then no menton of "Christ Jesus" beyond 1Peter 5:14.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

