---
title: "post 1602"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\November\post_1602.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2018
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:05:45.157218
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: N-----o-v---e---m----b--e-r---1---,---2---0--18
---

## Content

World of Duality is not our Eternal Life Reality.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Seems Bible phrase "the world began" allegories a biblical shew of "contrary things" began, like lie/truth: law/grace: unrighteousness/righteousness; Written "aforetime" for simulated contrast "learning", by solve "mystery" posed. 
Eg:
- By 
law (lie) none righteous, ALL sinners, so ALL die. 
- By grace (truth) ALL are made righteous, so ALL live.
But 
law/grace dual = Two many ALL's = oxymoron if mingled. 
So IF
a God concluded them ALL in unbelief, to have mercy on ALL; Even this dual law/grace "God" would be an oxymoron: two "contrary things", which cannot co-exist in peace.
So then, even when it comes to the "mystery" of "God":
More all of law/grace mystery shew is flush law as if "dung"; Because law=evil(reverse of live), ministration of death to all.
It's why there's also a "higher than the heavens" (non-plural) "God of all grace": has no law/grace (sacrifice/mercy) duality; Who will make you perfect (even more than perfect love), also stablish, strengthen, settle you in all grace. 
So the end of what supposedly began, but was only a shew, is:
The "grace" (only true God) of our (ascended, far above all heavens) Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

