---
title: "post 1661"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\February\post_1661.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2019
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:25:20.175010
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Janu--------a-r--y---8-,---2-------0---1--9-
---

## Content

"Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ"? Is there a difference? Let's investigate 
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
FYI: the CJ & JC allegory difference is a huge "mystery" most gospel teachers don't [yet] notice. CJ only occurs 57 times, and only from Acts 19 to 1Pet 5; But JC occurs 196 times, and from Mt 1:1 to Rev 22:21. Why?
In 
Acts, after Saul becomes Paul (Acts 13), then Paul also goes through another change from CJ (Acts 19:4) to JC (Acts 28:31). Then, in Rom-fwd, Paul always first clarifies he's now in JC mode, and always turns CJ around to JC in all epistles.
Why?
CJ & JC is allegory like comparing mediation & reconciliation. God hath "reconciled" us to himself by JC: 2Cor 5:18. Why? 
A "mediator" is "not of one", but God is one: Gal 3:20.
CJ = "mediator" = "between" God and men: 1Tim 1:5. 
ALL who live godly in CJ shall suffer persecution: 2Tim 3:12
Although "no condemnation" to "them" in CJ: Rom 8:1; 1Cor 1:1-4 notes it's b/c the "grace" of God given CJ's is by JC = both their Lord & our Lord. So in Phil 2:11 every tongue should confess JC is Lord to the glory of God the Father. Why?
Jn 17:2,3 notes the only true God sent JC to give eternal life.
Rom 5:15-17 notes God's righteousness came on ALL by JC.
1Cor 11:3 notes the only "foundation" laid to build on is JC.
Heb 13:8 notes JC = the same yester-day & to-day & for ever.
So in 1Peter 5:10, When made perfect (7th of 7 kinds of NT perfect) by the "God of all grace" (to end "suffered" in CJ), Then no more mention of "Christ Jesus" beyond 1Pet 5:14, then ONLY "Jesus Christ". 
Not shared to speak against Christ Jesus; But to aware like "Son of man" never occurs past Acts, and like "everlasting life" never occurs  past Rom 6, and like "conscience" never occurs past 1Pet 3; So also CJ never occurs past 1Pet 5.
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] "with you ALL". Amen.

