---
title: "post 2767"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\April\post_2767.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T22:46:33.224881
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

More MASS SHOOTING in USA.
(Over 160x so far in 2023 = more than 1 per day this year).
This time Dadeville, Alabama: 4 dead, 28 wounded, mostly teens.
Yet Perhaps it's not guns that are the root source of such,
But 
biblical
"evil concupiscence" of law noted in Romans 7:8; Colossians 3:5.
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Seems USA has the most MASS SHOOTING, with more than 1/day so far in 2023. But guns don't shoot people, other people do; So, perhaps getting rid of guns won't stop the killings, as some with use knives to stab victims, or bombs, or vehicles. So...
What many have never heard of, as a probable cause of mass killings, is the biblical aspect called evil "concupiscence" of law, that takes law people captive, then makes people do things they would not do, then hounds them with a guilt trip so PTSD it makes many commit suicide, as just punishment for killing people. 
Romans 7:8 KJV (re concupiscence)
But sin, taking occasion by the commandment, wrought in me all manner of concupiscence.
Colossians 3:5 KJV (re concupiscence)
Mortify therefore your members which are upon the earth; fornication, uncleanness, inordinate affection, evil concupiscence, and covetousness, which is idolatry:
note:
"concupiscence": Greek 'epithymia': lust after, have an evil desire to do especially what is forbidden (thou shalt not kill), such as evil desire to kill people, and do it in mass, with guns, knives, bombs, vehicles, etc.
It's why Christ is the end of the law, and wrath is what to put away; So then avoid being taken captive by law and made to do awful things you would not do, even not do the things you would do, as discussed by apostle Paul in Romans 7, which notes in Rom 7:6 "now we are delivered from the law", 
because it's both good[kalos] and evil[kakos].
Our Father ....... deliver us from evil: Luke 11:4.
Now we are delivered from the law: Romans 7:6. 
In contrast, grace is only good [agathos], never evil.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus → Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

