---
title: "post 0009"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\January\post_0009.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T17:30:37.948245
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

New Year: Time to put off AD2013 was and is not 
(sadly still ended with some still in dark, perhaps 
due to dark/light duality←drawback); And then 
put on AD2014; For AD→only goes 1 way: fwd.
Fwd 
= Great→Greater→Greatest never faileth.
Bwd = Great (tribulation)←Greater←Greatest.
Wishing you→all Grace→Mercy→Peace; And
to the fullness of Graceful→Merciful→Peaceful.
For Ephesians 3 notably mentions four things
about the love of Christ & the fullness of God:
"breadth, and length, and depth, and height";
But Revelation 21:16 still only mentions three of four:
length breadth and height are equal (yet still no depth).
Perhaps that is why 1Corinthians 2:10 (KJV) mentioned this:
"the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God",
firstly noting "God hath revealed [them] unto us by his Spirit".
Eg: J←C "peace", mentioned six times in the gospel of John,
can also get removed (taken away) in Revelation 6, followed
by all four consequences of contention noted in Romans 2:8,9:
anguish←tribulation←wrath←indignation; Only iff "drawback",
But if "go on", mentioned in Hebrews 6, then it's in J→C mode.
For CJ does not occur past 1Peter 5:10. Interesting CJ/JC stuff.
So let us endure unto the KJV end of the shew already written:
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen".*
*sadly modern Bible versions still leave "Christ" out of their end,
perhaps due to not (yet) having learned the deep things of God.

