---
title: "post 1178"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\July\post_1178.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2017
comments: 18
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T20:59:18.147931
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Hebrews 10:14 KJV? Although it says "For by one offering he hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified"; Here's some  nifty things I learned about what it says and why:
- in Heb 3:1 it's first talking about "Christ Jesus" as a new "High Priest"; BUT only until Heb 10. In Heb 10:10 it begins talking of "Jesus Christ" (not "Christ Jesus") in Heb 10 - 13.
So why a turn around, from "Christ Jesus" to "Jesus Christ"? 
And 
what's the "Christ Jesus" / "Jesus Christ" difference?
- CJ was High Priest of OT LORD, mediator of new covenant of LORD (not God) promised them (Israel) in Jeremiah 31:31.
BUT 
"God" has not spoken to "us" by "prophets": Heb 1:1,2. 
So we not only have a CJ & JC difference to sort out, 
but also a LORD & God difference to sort out. 
Both differences can be shocking to consider. It was for me.
- in Heb 10:7-10 it clarifies JC came to do the "will" of "God" (not LORD), which is "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice": (noted in Mt 9:13; Mt 12:7; from Ps 40:6; Ps 51:16; Hos 6:6); And as being allegory, to go "learn" what it (allegory) "means". 
Seems it allegory means "God" will have grace, and not law. 
Why? 
Heb 10:8 notes the OT offerings, for sin, were "by the law". In Gal 3:11 it's "evident" that no man is justified "by the law" in the sight of "God". 
So 
Heb 10:9 says he taketh away the first (aka "by the law"), 
that he may establish the second (aka by grace). 
For Heb 10:1 clarified the law canNOT make any perfect.
Yet Heb 10:14 notes even "them" somehow got "perfected". 
How?
It's not by the law, nor even by a new covenant of OT LORD, but by grace that we are sanctified through the offering of the body of "Jesus Christ" = "once and for all': Heb 10:10. 
So...
- in Heb 10:14 it's the perfecting grace of "Jesus Christ": once and for "all" in Heb 10:10, which also applies to "them" (of them/us), such that by "one offering" he (JC) hath "perfected" for ever "them" he "sanctified". 
Seems as CJ, he only first sanctified them, but then 
as JC he also "perfected" them, after sanctifying them.
Seems CJ only mediated better law of "better covenant";
But John 1:17 noted grace and truth came by JC (not CJ).
So Heb 13:8 notes (of CJ & JC used in Hebrews) only 
JC = the same yester-day, and to-day, and for ever.
It's why Hebrews ends with "Grace [be] with you all. Amen".
Hope that FYI rant made some sense.
Grace Hug to all my CJ friends on FB.

