---
title: "post 1333"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\December\post_1333.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:44:42.648463
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Morality? Perhaps Morality why many still think Mortality, aka still talk decease, instead of Immortality = not decease = higher peace. For me, I now see Grace as much more than Morality, even more than love...
seems lot of people equate Morality with law abide, even if not OT law, but NT better law, aka not both love neighbour and hate enemy = hate end, but love enemies = love end. 
But...
Problems I now have with such Morality = Mortality is:
- even NT better law still law, as still flaw mode; Not yet Grace
- even new "commandment" still command, as to "servant", 
- even love enemies still has "enemies", as still "jeopardy",
- even civil law as morality still not yet MuchMoreAll of Grace.
Grace is much more than Morality, even more than love. 
Yes, 
even them (Rom 8:1), when they begin to walk after the Spirit, do 1st get free of OT law (law1 of law1/law2 in Rom 8:2), to then be nutured in & persuaded about love of God, in Christ, is unconditional & inseparable (eg Romans 8:38,39), 
Yet 
it's so they may Also grow in Grace, mercy, peace; Also makes free of NT better law; As then not child=servant still has to be commanded to love one another, but "no more a servant" (Gal 4:1-7) has no more need of be commanded. Even Jesus was commanded, as if child.
So Grace does not demand nor command; Rather awares  with truth til no longer need any laws to be commanded by. 
It's why 1Cor 15:22 1st notes "as in Adam all die", then talks of Adam1/Adam2 as living soul vs quickening spirit = second man = better; But even Adam2 is still an Adam; And even this second man is still 'anthropos' = "liar" in Rom 3:4. So Also...
then goes on to note, in 1Cor 15:53,54 how TWO things have to happen for Death to be swallowed up in victory:
- this corruptible ('anthropos' = liar) must put on incorruption (change from 'anthropos' to 'aner' man, in Christ), AND
- this mortal must put on immortality (higher grace & truth).
It's why Rom 5's "much more" had TWO parts in 5:10a&b:
- 5:10a = first reconciled to a God by DEATH of his Son,
- 5:10b = then also "much more" saved after by his LIFE.
So 5:21b concludes 
grace reigns THROUGH righteousness UNTO eternal life (void of any death) by J-C (grace & truth) our Lord.
It's why apostle Paul notes TWO kinds of THROUGH:
- FORward THROUGH our Lord Jesus Christ, to be in Christ,
- then in Christ, also UPward THROUGH Christ to God-ward.
It's why 1Tim 2:4 notes God our Saviour will have TWO things:
- all men('anthropos'=liars) saved (by grace, thru faith), AND
- come to the knowledge('epignosis')* of the (higher) truth.
*epignosis replaces gnosis knowledge shall "vanish away", in 1Cor 13:8 KJV, when man puts away child-ish things: 13:11.

