---
title: "post 2843"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\June\post_2843.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2023
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-07T01:36:58.970897
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

News Item: mini sub sent to tour sunken TITANIC is missing.
BUT...
REPORTED: TITANIC NEVER SANK. It sailed thru war to junkyard.
Rumour: what sank was sister ship Olympic, nameplated Titanic.
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Interesting how history channel & news media still say TITANIC SANK, but for years people evidence and photos had reported it may have been sister ship Olympic they deliberately sank for the in$urance, by switch name plates on nearly identical ships; Because Olympic, which had sailed first, had an accident, making it not insurable. 
So they sailed it under the name Titanic, full steam ahead into an iceberg, on the burn weakened side of it, to collect the insurance.
Hmmm...
TITANIC SANK, was told and generally beLIEved for nearly 100 years, until the ship found, and reported the Titanic name plate had rust fallen off to reveal it was actually the Olympic. Then those that had bravely given testimony they knew the name plates had been switched, but had remained silent due to fear, were then believed.
Seems they had been threated never to reveal it, and had been told it (the lie told & beLIEved) was for the good of the country, for otherwise it would have bankrupted the ship owner and country.
SO, the reported truth about Titanic (some videos on YouTube) is: it sailed on through the war under the name of Olympic unto it's final resting place in the ship scrapyard. YET there are other videos, even on YouTube, saying this conspiracy was debunked.
SO THEN, if Titanic never ever sank, that much of history is a lie;
And a little leaven (lie) leavens the whole, noted twice in Bible.
What are your thoughts about the theory Titanic never sank?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

