---
title: "post 2003"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\September\post_2003.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:48:53.228640
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Aug--u------------st---7,----2--0--2--0--
---

## Content

Let's discuss the "God of all grace" noted by Paul & Peter.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
None of Mt, Mk, Lk, Jn say "Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ", until Romans, as the gospel of "Christ" of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ". For there is no mention of grace in Mt nor in Mk, none till Luke, which is still as if LukeWarm mode in Luke, John, Acts. 
Seems why so few bible readers even notice or ever mention "the God of all grace" (is no law at all, nor law/grace duality). For Paul, it's not until 2Cor 9:8 KJV he mystery reveals: And God is able to make "all grace" (no law) abound toward "you" (of ye/you), that ye, always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work.
Seems Luke 2:14's "glory to God in the "highest" (of high, higher, highest) would be "eternal glory" of "the God of all grace" Peter notes in 1Pet 5:10, a glory of "all grace" we've all come short of until that God of all grace calls us unto his glory.
Seems mentions of "the only true God" (cannot lie) & "God only wise" & "God of all comfort" (no discomfort) & God who "upbraideth not" all allegory describe the "God of all grace"; Which then makes you perfect (7th kind), also stablishes, strengthens, settles you (of ye/you), after ye (do mind error) have suffered a while; As if to thereby end suffer mode. For 
Paul had noted in 2Timothy 3:12 all who will live godly in "Christ Jesus" shall "suffer", as he did in Acts until also changed from "Christ Jesus" (Acts 19:4) mode to "Jesus Christ" (Acts 28:31) mode, even after firstly changed from Saul to Paul in Acts 13.
1Peter 5:10 notes "God of all grace" ends suffer, after of before/after, and for you of ye/you, as by JC of CJ/JC (that God reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ: 2Cor 5:18).
So we all suffer, until "God of all grace" ends suffer mode; And then no more mention of "Christ Jesus" beyond 1Peter 5:14. 
Seems why KJV end of biblical story only mentions "grace", and only of "Jesus Christ", to properly end whatever began, as if to thereby purge (nullify) all bad stuff of a duality world.
Sadly, most modern bibles remove "Christ" from their end in Revelation 22:21, as if to continue suffer in CJ. Hmmm.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

