---
title: "post 0107"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\April\post_0107.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T20:39:17.871465
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Some Passover-Easter things to ponder, perhaps analyze:
- Perhaps Easter is so problem-attic it should be cancelled.
- Like VD: Valentines Day, Easter an orgy of consumerism.
- Easter is a changeable holiday. True God never changes.
- 
Two East/West Easters seems divided. Christ isn't divided.
- Root: Origin of Easter is pagan, mixture of lies & traditions.
- Easter week is preceded with a traditional 'season' of Lent.
- Passover-Easter had two Sabbaths, high one in the midst.
- Midst of 7 last utterances: "My God, my God" = "forsaken".
- Easter Day: Acts 12:4 = Peter (Satan) both bound/loosed.
- Crucifixion is as if murder: let's kill the heir... bloody mess.
- Even the resurrection appearances may be as if deceiving.- So we're told false Christs shall arise to seduce if possible.
- Perhaps Easter sheeple are being fed 'bosko' feed: Jn 21.
- 2nd "finished", of 2 in Jn 17 & 19, gives "place" to "d-evil".
- Perhaps 1st finished race = "win", 2nd finished = "place".
- Perhaps gathering "place" of 2nd finished is Armageddon.
- AD 2014's Passover-Easter contained a blood (red) moon.
and
- 2014's Easter week had mentions of 'worst' in news media;
BUT the word "worst" NEVER occurs in the NT KJV, 
And only occurs ONCE in OT: Ezekiel 7:24,25 KJV;
witch then talks of "destruction" comes after "worst".
THIS suggests there's been a "drawBACK unto perdition"
So, go ye (do err-or) and learn what [that: Hosea 6:6]
I will have mercy, and not sacrifice meaneth: Mt 9:13
Because...
If ye had known what this meaneth:
I will have mercy, and not sacrifice,
ye would not have condemned the guiltless: Mt 12:7.
Perhaps it allegory means
that God will have grace, and not law,
to say I will have mercy, and not sacrifice.
Perhaps the "not" part is
not then, not now, not ever,
if the true God never changes.
Easter's Crucifixion midst is about sacrifice, for sin,
- Hebrews 10:8 KJV says it's offered BY THE LAW.
- Galatians 3:11 KJV said not justified BY THE LAW.
How then can we believe we're justified by sacrifice? 
Clarity (for those that may be off-ended by this):
NOT saying anyone is wrong, per se,
Rather perhaps we have more to learn.
Perhaps when we put away believe for know,
since know the truth makes us free of believe;
Perhaps then we will not f-law the grace of God,
Then we won't need a remedy for our $ickne$$.
For Matthew 9:12 said:
They that be whole need not a physician, 
but they that are $ick. 
1st mention of "physicians" in Gen 50:2 is interesting:
Joseph commanded his servants the "physicians" 
to embalm his father: and 
the "physicians" embalmed Israel. 
Luke is called a beloved "physician": Col 4:14, 
But "LukeWarm" is not acceptable in Rev 3:16,
Not in the life or death game of seek and find.
Neither will the 'agape' love that waxes c-old do,
in Mt 24:12 followed by 24:13's endure unto the end.
But now, there's even a problem with "the end",
aka the end we're told to endure unto to be saved:
Modern Bible versions have removed Christ from the end.
So, I recommend enduring unto the end in Rev 22:21 KJV:
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen"..

