---
title: "post 2477"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\July\post_2477.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2022
comments: 7
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T15:12:48.287380
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Reasons to LEAVE OLD TESTAMENT (not just it's old covenant):
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ.
OT had no mention of "eternal life". God, that cannot lie, promised only "eternal life": Titus 1:2 (not OT "everlasting life" which ends in Romans 6:22, when contrasted with "eternal life" in Romans 6:23). 
Book 
of Revelation, symbolized from OT, also has no "eternal life".
The NT TITLE does NOT say new covenant, but does say:
The NEW TESTAMENT of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.
OT was Old of Old/New Testaments. Jesus Christ Luke 5:36 noted the new "agreeth not" with the old. Hebrews 8:7,13 notes in saying new it makes old not only faulty but ready to vanish away; Allegory similar to 1Cor 13:8 notes 'gnosis' knowledge (aka law knowledge) shall vanish away, to be replaced with 'epignosis' knowledge noted in 1Tim 2:4.
Of 3 modes of seek & find, OT is allegory as cOLD as Just-Ice:
cOLD ←> LukeWarm → Hot
OT was "law and prophets". NT reveals law demanded perfect, but law cannot make any comers perfect; So law should be put away. Hebrews 1:1,2 clarifies God has not spoken to us by any prophets; So prophecies of prophets don't apply to us, which would include the new covenant prophecy in OT, which was to Israel & Judah.
OT was "time past"; Now accounted as BACKward←BC time. For Heb 1:1,2 notes God has not spoken to us in time past. So time itself was changed ww, into 
BC← & →AD. It's now AD, which ONLY goes FORward,
THROUGH Jesus → Christ (is the end of the OT law).
OT concluded " there are none righteous, no, not one". 
NT brings righteousness upon all, gifted by grace through faith.
OT had a Law God who had goodness and severity: Rom 11:22; But even the goodness [chrestotes] thereof was conditional on you being good, and always accompanied with severity. 
NT has a Grace us God of all grace who's goodness [agathosyne] is neither conditional nor has severity attached.
OT LORD[Yehova] is not nice: hates in Proverbs 6:16; creates evil in Isaiah 45:7; forsakes in Jeremiah 23:39; And his day is darkness and not light in Amos 5:18. So in Luke 11:35 Jesus Christ said take heed therefore that the light in thee be not darkness.
Such things are not posted to speak against OT, but about it.
What are your insights about reasons to leave OT ← BC ?
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

