---
title: "post 2225"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\October\post_2225.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:05:32.863206
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

BLESSED vs BLESSED?  Romans 4: 7 vs 8 (from Psalm 32: 1 vs 2)
Is Diaper Blessed vs Man Blessed as if of Better Law vs Grace?
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Romans 4:7 (Diaper Blessed denotes sin imputed to cover up)
Blessed are "they"* whose iniquities are "forgiven"**, and whose sins are "covered"***.
Romans 4:8 (Man [aner] Blessed: no sin imputed to cover up)
Blessed is the man[aner****] to whom the Lord will not impute sin.
Notes:
*they, of they/we, is allegory like child mode of child/man, perhaps as if only 1st of 2 kinds of "converted" strepho/epistrepho in Greek.
**forgiven is plausible in Better Law mode, but as Mt 18:22-35 noted for a "servant" (called child in Gal 4:1) it can be forgiven, but then also unforgiven & delivered to tormentors after forgiven. Seems this portrays both good and evil aspects of law, ends bad.
***covered is also plausible in Better Law mode, having a better sacrifice for a better covering of sins; Yet as Jesus noted in Mt 10:26 & Lk 12:2 what's hid by being covered up will later get uncovered & revealed as a cover up, then get made known abroad.
For a modern example of a cover up:
A Roman Catholic priest who still has a sin problem, such as child molesting, his actions may get covered up (hid), as if a diaper covering of his dung; But it will eventually get revealed, even after many years of being hid, then law will demand punishment.
****aner man-kind (Christ-like) doesn't have law iniquity to forgive nor law imputed sin to cover up. That's grace blessed.
An 'aner' man has Christ (aka end of the law) as head: 1Cor 11:3, and has put away childish things in 1Cor 13:11; So 'aner' man differs from 'anthropos' of anthropos/aner kinds of man.
Yet aner man is not like last Adam in 1Cor 15:45,46 for last Adam of Adam1/Adam2 is second man=anthropos, not yet aner; Even though a quickened spirit mode of soul/spirit.
Most of chrisitianity will say they are "blessed" by having sins forgiven & covered, and ass-u-me they are ok in last Adam called Lord; But are unaware both last Adam & they in him are still like  'anthropos' man, which in Romans 2:1 & 3:4 is still a judge-mental, self-condemning, and a liar compared to let God be true.
.
So God our Saviour will have all men[anthropos] both saved & made aware, as noted in 1Timothy 2:3,4. 
God our Savioiur will have ALL men [anthropos] saved (by grace, through faith), AND come unto the (higher) knowledge [epignosis, more than gnosis] of the truth.
The grace (blessed) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

