---
title: "post 3459"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\August\post_3459.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T00:59:56.477298
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"ALIEN" & "ALIENS" ARE BIBLE WORDS.
But what about UFOs & alien sightings?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Recently (about a year ago) the Pentagon released mention of three military whistleblowers that claim crashed UFOs & alien BODIES do exist. 
But 
the reaction of many is that such is a distraction from other stuff.
Then, in Las Vegas, it got reported that people calling 911 had reported a 7 - 10 ft alien in their back yard, but no photos. 
Then in remote Peru, people had reported 7 ft armoured beings that have been attacking them, but again no photos.
NASA has news reported they are going to the moon, AGAIN, to discover water, and hope to make a moon base there for people voyage to Mars.
Christian video makers like Steve Quayle suggest UFOs, orbs, reportedly seen, photographed, are fallen angels & demons manifesting much more now due to people not doing enough spiritual warfare.
Yet,
such focuses on WARfare rather than grace, mercy, PEACE.
Hmmm...
Bible mentions of "alien" (Old Testament 5x) & of "aliens" (OT 1x, NT 2x) suggest the meaning of such is stranger, foreigner, (yet human).
What are your thoughts about ALIENs, UFO crafts & bodies?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

