---
title: "post 1838"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\October\post_1838.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:55:03.990247
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

another gospel (than grace), of another Jesus (Son of man), having another voice (than Son of God) still bewitches
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Seems Christianity remains unaware Jesus revealed, about himself, in John 5:25-29, when still 2 Sons: NT Son of God & OT Son of man, he still had 2 voices, saying 2 different things "live" (grace) & "judgment also" (law also), even both resurrection of 
"life" & resurrection of "damnation".
It's why in 2Cor 11:4 Paul mentioned "another Jesus" along with "another spirit" & "another gospel"; Then in Gal 1:6 noted churches of Galatia got removed from him that called you into the grace (only) of Christ (is end of the law flaw) unto "another gospel". Result: "bewitched": "fallen from grace".
It's why, in Rom→fwd, NO more mention of Son of man Jesus (said everlasting punishment: Mt 25:46), ONLY Son of God Jesus (said I will not accuse: Jn 5:45), as then the gospel of "Christ" (1 Son), of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ". 
So by churches still preach 2 Sons Jesus, in Mt-Acts, instead of gospel of 1 Son Christ in Rom→fwd, it still causes people who hear another Jesus (Son of man) & another spirit (of fear) & another gospel (than grace only) to get bewitched.
Seems it's even caused writers & publishers of modern bibles to remove "Christ" from the end of the biblical story, which may explain why both the news  & weather now report OT Son of man "worst"←BC scenarios manifesting ww.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

