---
title: "post 1715"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\May\post_1715.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:26:19.273309
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M-ay-2--0--,-----2----0----1-----9
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
ALLEGORIC PHASES: scriptures->script-u-are→script-U-are.
Plural&Contrary "scriptures", if mingled, make u an oxymoron.
So u prefer the Right side of L/R twain, to be that script-u-are.
Then u realize even right of ill-u-sion is still duality & partiality.
So u 
Up-grade to what's above all twain sides as script-U-are.
So 3rd of 3 phases: script-U-are, is then neither of all twains.
As an example of plural & contrary "scriptures", let's look at Genesis 2:16,17 which are two contrary commandments the "LORD God" (not God) commanded the man with:
- Gen 2:16 = every tree (Gen 1:29), freely; as if grace: above.
- Gen 2:17 = not every tree, surely die lie; as if law: beneath.
If both every tree + not every tree mingled, it's an oxymoron.
(so Jesus refused "mingled" drink x2, as if from both sides) 
It's allegory as if by obey the law, then as disobey the grace.
So serpent in Gen3 asks Woman: hath "God" said Gen 2:17?
She says ya, God said both, as if to make God an oxymoron.
When allegory seen as above & beneath, then in John 8:23
why JC (grace) said I am from above (of beneath/above),
but ye(err) are from beneath, as if in mingled grace + law.
As example of twain things, seen as if Left/Right, let's notice John 1:17 said "The law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ". So ppl navigate to the right side of law/grace & lie/truth to be better script-u-are of twain; Not yet realizing true God's "all grace" isn't over against the law, and "all truth" isn't right of lie/truth, but above such twain.
Eg: right of "children" of wicked & "children" of God is as better script-u-are; But both still as childish, neither yet man-kind.  
So 3rd of 3, as no more children, is then above both sides of children vs children, as having put away plural childish things. Then more perfect aner man "fulness of Christ" script-U-are.
Yet there's still "eternal life" as "fulness of God" script-U-are.
Interesting "mystery" with many "allegory" things to ponder.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

