---
title: "post 1669"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\March\post_1669.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:28:16.448727
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ---M-ar--c---h-----2------1-,-2----0--1-9
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Jesus? ...Jesus Christ? ...Through Jesus→Christ? ...Christ?
Reasons to go on through Jesus→Christ to gospel of Christ:
- in 
Jesus mode he still said NAY to peace: Mt 10:34 & Lk 12:51. For as Gal 4:4 notes he was first made under the law.
- in Jesus mode, as "prophet" of Nazareth: Mt 21:11, it's not what God has spoken to us: Heb 1:1,2; For he said nasty things like "greater damnation": Mt 23:14. Even in risen Jesus "of Nazareth" mode he still even "damned": Mk 16:6-16.
- in Jesus mode, he admitted he was not [yet] perfected, not even when casting out devils and doing cures: Lk 13:32. For when perfected there's no thought of devils nor of ill-u-sion.
- in Jesus mode he revealed he's 2 Sons: NT Son of God + OT Son of man, with 2 contrary voices: "live" + "judgment also", calls for 2 resurrections of "life" + of "damnation" = bad end of twain: Jn 5:25-29. He's 2 Sons in Mt - Acts 7:55,56. It's why NO more Son of man beyond Acts, ONLY Son of God.
- in Jesus mode it's still "division" (not unity) among people, and it's "because of hiim": Jn 7:43. Same said in Rev 1:7.
- in Jesus mode he only first ascended to be sat on right hand of "Majesty" (of plural heavens) on high = "enemies": Heb 1. But when ascended "higher than the heavens" on high, then he's Christ sitteth on the right hand of "God", then no enemies.
So then, it reasons why Jesus said, in John 16:5-16, he had to go away, and it would expedient for you he did, so then he could re-ascend to Father, and from there send Spirit of truth to continue truth telling until all truth, he had not yet shared.
We all need the Spirit of truth = "Comforter" & "guide", to comfort us while we're being Spirit guided through a minefield of plural & contrary scriptures in a "mystery" having many twists, even snares which if tripped may manifest harm.
For we don't hear "Grace" to you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus→Christ until Romans→forward, where it's then the gospel of God and gospel of "Christ" of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ" we have peace & victory.
In his Christ mode through J→C it's 1Son: ONLY Son of God, with 1voice: "Live" (not "judgment also" like "Son of man" in Jn 5:27); So then not both new + old things, as in 2Sons Jesus mode, but "all things new": 2Cor 5:17. For in Christ it's then the end of the law, thereby the end of flaw, for you all.
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus→Christ" [be/is] "with" you "all". Amen.

