---
title: "post 1834"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\October\post_1834.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:53:55.419650
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Immortality? 2 kinds: immortality1[aphtharsia] & immortality2[anthanasia]; Yet eternal life is more than imMORTALity2 still has a mortal in midst.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Because I was still in Adam2: second man[anthropos], not aware in Christ it's 'aner' of anthropos/aner, Spirit said look closer at 1Cor 15:22-57 to see "as in Adam all die" includes in Adam1 & in Adam2. So in Christ is 
3rd of 3: Adam1, Adam2, Christ.
Then revelatory told although Adam1: living "soul" = first anthropos man & Adam2: quickening "spirit"; Even Adam2 as spirit, of soul/spirit, was called second man[anthropos]; And  in Rom 3:4 EVERY 'anthropos' man a "liar", even if spiritual of natural/spiritual, and called the Lord from heaven. Wow.
So in Heb 10:9 he taketh away the first (Adam1) to establish the second (Adam2) was still only 2/3 of 3; And sanctified in 10:10 still only 2/3 of 3: justified, sanctified, perfected.
As if not mind blowing enough, then got told look at 1Cor 15:53,54 to notice a contrast of 2 kinds of "immortality":
15:53 For this corruptible must put on incorruption [aphtharsia = immortality1], and this mortal must put on immortality [anthanasia = immortality2].
15:54 So WHEN this corruptible shall have put on incorruption [aphtharsia] and this moral shall have put on immortality [anthanasia], THEN shall be brought to pass the saying that is written, Death is swallowed up in victory*.
*victory, in 15:57, is what God hath given us (of them/us), and it's notably in Christ mode of through our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Yet, as more to learn about 3rd of 3, got prompted to review Rom 12:2a&b, to notice after renewing of mind in 12:2a, then prove will of God has 3 aspects: good, acceptable, perfect; And then notice in Eph 4:13 fulness of Christ to be-come wasn't just be 'aner' man of anthropos/aner, but "perfect" aner man-kind; As if perfect more than good & acceptable. Then...
in 1Tim, begins 6 mentions of "God our Saviour", 1Tim 2:1-3  lists things good & acceptable; But 2:4 clarifies God our Saviour will have more than good & acceptable only 2/3 of 3. So God will have all men[anthropos] saved AND come unto the knowledge[epignosis, higher than gnosis] of the truth; 
As if 
God our Saviour being allegory like 3rd of 3 Saviours:
3 - God our Saviour will have all saved & aware.... best.
2 - Christ as Saviour of the world was all saved....better.
1 - Jesus as Saviour of Israel was some saved.....good. 
Hope that encourages people to consider 3rd of 3 things.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/IS] with you all. Amen.

