---
title: "post 1833"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\October\post_1833.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:53:25.100284
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Jesus (2Sons) in Mt-Acts is not yet fully Christ (1Son) until Rom→fwd. So preach Jesus, in Mt-Acts, still causes people to be 2things: nice & nasty = lastly nasty; last state worse.
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
What churches today don't realize, so don't make people aware of, is in Mt-Acts Jesus was still 2Sons: Twain: Both NT "Son of God"→&←OT "Son of man", still Both Nice & Nasty: Lastly 
Nasty; Which he revealed, about himself in Jn 5:25-29, by noting he then still had 2 (bi-polar) voices, saying:
- as Son of God: "live" (only), resurrection of "life" (only)
- as Son of man: "judgment also", resurrection of "damnation" also
As Son of God said don't even think I will accuse you: Jn 5:45:
But as OT Son of man also accused, name called, threat-end. So in Jn 7:43 still "division" (not peace) "because of him"...
When still 2Sons: Twain: it's still both NT→&←OT: lastly cOLD of: cOLD←>LukeWarm→Hot. Eg: Mt 24:12 he notes because iniquity shall abound, love of many shall wax cOLD.
Eg of how lastly nasty Son of man[anthropos: liar in Rom 3:4] was & would be if he should come again, Jesus revealed in Lk 17:30-36, as "Son of man", When his day "revealed" (as if that "Wicked" in 2Th 2:8 "revealed"), Then it would be as days of Noe & Lot where flood & fire "destroyed them all". 
Then, 
in Jn 3:14, as "Son of man" he calls himself "serpent", then Son of man reverses NT→"eternal life" in Jn 3:15 bwd to OT←"everlasting life" in Jn 3:16, popular verse of many. 
It's why, in Acts 1-6, new twelve (still also a dirty dozen) were still both nice & nasty, both healing & killing (not forgiving) Ananias & Saphirra = lastly nasty. Result: "great fear".
It's why, only beyond plural LukeWarm Acts, in Rom→fwd, then NO mention of "Son of man", ONLY of "Son of God", so then called the gospel of "Christ", of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ". For in "Christ" it's all things new, nothing old; No more "twain", but "one" new man, our "peace": Eph 2:15.
So let's not make doctrine of things said & done in Mt-Acts; For even in Acts 1-5 apostles still assembled in "Solomon's porch" = law temple; As why in Acts 5:11 result still "great fear" (not perfect love nor pure grace) upon all the church.
Let's help people not only go OT→NT fwd, but also NT 2SonsJesus→1SonChrist fwd. For AD only goes fwd.
Thanks for listen, as I reminded myself of these things.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

