---
title: "post 1338"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\December\post_1338.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:45:26.648546
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: D-e----c----e---m---b-----e---r-9-,----20-1--7-
---

## Content

PropheCy or PropheSy? FYI: Seems KJV uses both. Why? 
- "propheCy" (propheCies) = gloom & doom of law & prophets. 
- "propheSy" (propheSyings) = groom & broom of JC grace & truth.
So then, it's
to allegory distinguish propheCy & propheSy as law & grace. 
So, 
it's why apostle Paul uses both in KJV contrasting. Eg:
- 1Cor 13:8 KJV: "whether propheCies, they shall fail".
- 1Thess 5:20 KJV: "Despise not propheSyings".
So, let's NOT even say law propheCies got fulfilled (like many still say), as if to say f-law all got fulfilled . NO! Why not? 
BECAUSE... 
in Matthew 5:17 KJV "Jesus Christ" (allegory) said: 
Think NOT that I am (grace & truth) come to DESTROY the law, or the prophets; I am NOT come to DESTROY, but to FULFILL (fill u full with grace & truth, till f-law is put away).
POINT: Grace & truth does not DESTROY. Rather the only true God sent Jesus Christ (by whom came grace & truth); But not to DESTROY, Rather to FILL all full of awareness.
So JC also said, 3 times, what God is NOT, and God IS:
He is not God of the dead (law), but God of the living (grace).
It's always an allegoric CONTRAST of Law is not Grace.
So then,
ONLY propheSy continues, to edify & exhort & comfort with grace & truth & peace. BUT propheCy should be put away; As if to put away childish things to become a man. 
For...
only a child=servant needs to be law commanded: Gal 4:1-7,
but when "no more a servant", no longer needs commanding.
So Hebrews 1:1,2 noted "God" has not spoken to us by prophets (of law & prophets = time past = BC = Bwd stuff); As if to say we ought not give any place at all to their devilish wisdom, which is like doom & gloom f-law stuff. 
RATHER... 
let's all kNOW have only "Grace, mercy, and peace,
from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ".
Thank you.

