---
title: "post 3030"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\October\post_3030.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:24:31.470971
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Biblical DIFFERENCES for CONTRAST:
- OT LORD -vs- God 
- 2 Sons Jesus -vs- 1 Son Christ 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
In 
Noah's Ark story: Genesis 6 - 8, "LORD" vs "God" DIFFER:
- God [Elohim] said two of each, male & female: Gen 6:19.
- LORD [Yehova] said clean by sevens, unclean by two: Gen 7:2.
So, 
God & LORD are CONTRARY commanders of Noah, who did both: all God commanded: Gen 6:22 & all LORD commanded: Gen 7:5.
Then in NT 1Timothy 2:3,4 we learn "God our Saviour" will have:
all men saved (by grace) and truthed (by epignosis knowledge).
In contrast,
Jude 1:5 reminds OT LORD both saved & destroyed afterward.
So,
Jude 1:25 concludes "the only wise God" is "God our Saviour".
In Matthew to Acts Jesus is portrayed as 2 Sons: Twain: 
both OT "Son of man" and "Son of God". But in Romans onward there is no more mention of Son of man, ONLY of Son of God. So, there is 2 Sons Jesus vs 1 Son Christ DIFFERENCES to CONTRAST:
- Jesus was first "made under the law": Galatians 4:4.
- Christ is "the end of the law": Romans 10:4.
- in 2 Sons Jesus mode: it is still both old and new things.
- in 1 Son Christ mode: it is old passed away, all things new.
- as 2 Sons Jesus (not yet 1 Son Christ) he's called "Master, master" in Luke 8:24, which is TWO many masters in Matthew 6:24. 
- So, Matthew 23:8,10 twice clarifies only "one" is your "Master": "Christ" (of through Jesus → Christ).
-  when made under the law & as new high priest of law able to make "change of law" (Mt 5:43,44; Heb 7:12), Jesus twice said he did not come to give nor send peace on earth: Mt 10:34 & Lk 12:51.
- So, Luke 2:11-14's heralding of "on earth peace" is about "Christ" (not Jesus) & Romans 5:1 notes how we have peace with God is THROUGH Jesus→Christ = end of law (not just change of law).
- in Matthew 23 we find Jesus (as if Son of man) name calling, accusing, and threatening greater damnation.
- But in John 5:45 (as if the voice of Son of God) clarifies I (aka grace & truth) will not (even) accuse you, noting Moses (law) does that.
Seems, Jesus oft "turned" to say different things, as if turning from Son of God to Son of man or vice versa. So, seems in John 5:25-29 Jesus notes, that while 2 Sons, he still has 2 voices:
- Son of God voice saying "live": John 5:25.
- Son of man voice saying "judgment [crisis] also": John 5:27.
Seems why no more mention of Son of man beyond Acts for the gospel of (1 Son) "Christ", of through Jesus → Christ.
Ephesians 2:15 notes of TWAIN in himself he abolished the enmity: the law of commandments, to thereby make one new man, so making peace. (perhaps as if putting off being judgmental Son of man to be the ONLY begotten Son of God: 1 Son Christ).
interesting mystery details to notice, ponder, discuss
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

