---
title: "post 3360"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\June\post_3360.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T22:56:29.786266
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Adam Ross Myers
---

## Content

Of Two Religions in James 1:26,27 Choose One Only: Law or Grace:
Impure religion: this man's religion is vain religion or Pure religion. James 3: notes pure is first pure wisdom from above, of two wisdoms.
Grace unto you, and peace,
from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
As 
it seems to be a trendy fad to bash religion in general, and not just by atheists who dare to ask challenging questions to hunted down believers, but also by so-called grace and truth web sites like 
JesusReligion.com
, 
GospelRevolution.com
, and 
GospeLogic.com
 (to name a few I know) who have jumped on this bandwagon of branding all religion bad; And since such a childish fad is causing ever more division (not peace) to both those involved and not involved in religion; I thought it time to bring biblical clarity to the subject of religion: there are only two sorts of religion allegory compared in the Bible: Impure and Pure, the impure sort being called vain, and also having the vain glory of what's "all vanity and vexation of spirit" x7: Law. Furthermore vain glory of vain religion involves the tongue of such a sounding brass bandwagon which puts itself down by putting down all religion, instead of comparing impure and pure for awareness sake, not condemnation: John 3:17, lest such inexcusable behavior condemn you, and bring Romans 2 consequences, along with Christ being no effect to you of ye/you in Galatians 5:4. Such Humpty Dumpty fall may be great ← greater ← greatest, and involve a double filled cup, as given to twice fallen Baby-lon the great ← greater ← greatest, as noted for you in Revelation 18. Selah to all who adhere to full filling law and jumping on a bandwagon having an unbridled tongue.
Galatians 5:26
Let us not be desirous of vain glory,
provoking one another, envying one another.
only law [before name] provokes: combats, contests, irritates; and envies
Religion has been said to cause more wars and sorrows than anything else. While this is true, clarity about religion should be made that only vain religion is the cause of division and not peace, which Jesus brought: Matthew 10:34; Luke 12:51; John 7:43; Hebrews 4:8. Pure religion is about peace and not division, which Christ brought by being the end of the law, and thereby ending all law vs law and laws vs grace divisions. Pure religion notably arrived undefiled and remained unspotted in a come and go visit to those afflicted with a bad case of life + death, is a dead end. So rather than jumping on the religion bashing bandwagon with sounding brass atheists and tinkling cymbal xians, we who claim to be Christ-ian should make the effort to learn the difference between impure and pure religion: this man's religion is vain religion, but pure religion isn't vain. The two religions are allegory compared throughout the Bible, but most clearly in James 1:26 vs 27:
James 1: 26 -vs- 27
If any man among you seem to be religious, and bridleth not his tongue,
but deceiveth his own heart, this man's religion [is] vain. 
-vs-
 Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this,
To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction,
[and] to keep himself unspotted from the world.
So pure religion is not about defiling yourself with your own mouth as Jesus obviously did by law imputing sin to make "sinners", and thereby also condemned himself according to Romans 2 (see also Job 15:6; Matthew 15:11; Mark 7:22; Luke 6:45; James 3:10). Nor is pure religion about getting spotted, by being "numbered with the transgressors": Isaiah 53:12 ... Mark 15:28. Nor is pure religion about becoming a sacrificial scape goat to ransom sinners. Rather pure religion is about grace and truth arriving undefiled and also remaining unspotted in a come and go visit to those afflicted with law imputed sin and death; And about abolishing law, thereby abolishing law imputed sin, unpardonable sin in this world and the to come, and any need for sacrifice to law also imputes death. For bloodshed does not purge all sin, only "almost all", as noted for you in Hebrews 9. Only abolition of law (which also abolishes sacrifice) purges all sin, including heart and conscience.
That is why "eternal salvation" is notably "through Jesus→Christ", and "reconciling the world" to "that God" is notably done "in Christ" (not Jesus), and it's notably done by "not imputing sin to them": 2Corinthians 5:19. Jesus even noted if you're not reconciling, then you're alienating: Mt 12:30. So there is no middle ground in either good or corrupt, nor any lukewarm in either hot or cold, nor any partiality in there is no respect of persons with God, nor any hypocrisy in pure wisdom, nor any Humpty Dumpty wall sitting nor any great fall in "nothing wavering", nor any compromise in God doesn't compromise: no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, not even Jesus. So then, the salvation many think they have in Jesus's sacrifice is neither eternal salvation nor impartial, but rather it's temporal salvation having partiality: vain religion: vain glory. God will have mercy, and not sacrifice; Not then, not now, not ever. So James 2 says to brethren: have not the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ with respect of persons. For getting high on sacrificial partiality of vain glory of vain religion gets you that and this: Bravo and Nevertheless I have somewhat against thee (Revelation 2: 2-4). Against thee? It's how with or against ends, as it did for Jesus (forsaken), Gandhi (killed by violence in public), and G.W. Bush (hall of shame). Pure religion is not with or against, but only with you all. Against such there is no law.
In James chapter 3, James also compares the two wisdoms of the two religions of James 1; Noting first pure wisdom from above is also firstly peaceable of seven things grace unto you from God our Father is: 1)peaceable 2)gentle 3)easy to be entreated 4)full of mercy 5)full of good fruit 6)without partiality 7)without hypocrisy. On the contrary, the other wise of two wisdoms (two religions) is notably earthy, sensual, and devilish. So impure religion is vain religion and has vain glory thereof earthy sensual and devilish wisdom of impure religion. Pure religion also has glory that's not vain. Angels are allegorically defined as stars in Revelation 1:20. Stars notably differ in glory in 1Corinthians 15: 40,41; where three glories are mentioned, one x1 and another x2. So vain glory of vain religion seems to have a twain aspect, of plural stars, the sun being a singular star. So be not mooned by plural stars, especially if they're called "another" star.
Sadly, modern christianity would by and large qualify as impure religion, especially since "a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump", along with judaism (jews) and islam (muslims): three groups making up what's deemed the Abrahamic religion; And not just Roman Catholics, but also Protestants having 24,000 flavors of such a popsicle, and the Independents who promote ever more partiality. Perhaps the worst of these is the Salvation Army with a War Cry instead of a focus on Christ is our peace who abolished the law, thereby ending all law vs law and laws vs grace divisions (dividing asunders). As James says in chapter 2: brethren, have not the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ with respect of persons. In other words don't be religious with partiality; It doesn't fit a constant biblical theme of Godly wisdom has no partiality at all.
In fact all major religions of the world (off site link) are impure since any pollutant pollutes the whole, and "there is no respect of persons with God", only against God. So, as far as God is concerned, it's either all are unrighteous sinners by law or all are righteous saints by grace, with no middle ground nor lukewarmness on the matter being acceptable to God, whether God be deemed Grace or Law, not both is an oxy-moron with a bad ending. For contrary things cannot co-exist in peace; And God is not [the author] of confusion, but [the author] of peace. But to clarify that further, His Grace is the author of true peace, not false peace. So let us not desire any peace that passeth all understanding, but rather let us get the understanding that brings internal and eternal peace to you and all the kingdom of God within you. For "reconciling the world" to God isn't a partial matter, but a globe-all matter; So not to Jesus nor to Christ, but "be ye reconciled to God" , which is notably done "in Christ" of through Jesus → Christ, by and unto "that God", which is not God our Destroyer: Law, but is God our Saviour: Grace. But Noahic grace + law is not the same as JC grace + truth, so the end written to endure unto also clarifies what sort of grace is with you all:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ with you all. Amen.
By 
Daniel Miles

