---
title: "post 3021"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\October\post_3021.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:23:21.404711
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

TWOEDGED SWORD: Vengeance & Punishment.
Psalm 149:6,7; Proverb 5:4; Revelation 1:16; 2:12; 19:15.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
While observing (as if from above both sides of another war) the October 2023 Israel Conflict, 
and hearing 
Zionist Prime Minister Netanyahu (recently called Crime Minister by 10's of thousands of protestors in Israel for 10's of weeks) 
VOWing Revenge (Vengeance) and Punishment upon Gaza and West Bank Palestinians (because of what some Hamas fighters did),
made me recall how this was bible mentioned about twoedged sword.
6,000 bombs in 6 days upon Gaza (2.2M wherein half are children, is much more than so-called right to defend yourself); More like genocidal vengeance & punishment upon Palestinians occupied in the land previously called Palestine, but now only called Israel.
6,000 bombs in 6 days to abolish more than 3,000 buildings, to then be followed by an invasion into Gaza is merciless vengeance and endless punishment upon human beings they call animals. 
Note:
The word [logos] of God is NOT a twoedged sword, but notably "sharper than any twoedged sword" in Hebrews 4:12.
So, 
a sharp "twoedged sword" coming out a mouth in Revelation 1:16 is neither out of the mouth of Jesus Christ nor the word of God.
Psalm 149:6,7 KJV
Let the high praises of God be in their mouth, and a TWOEDGED SWORD in their hand; To execute VENGEANCE upon the heathen, and PUNISHMENTS upon the people;
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

