---
title: "post 2520"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\September\post_2520.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2022
comments: 1
shares: 4
scraped: 2025-11-13T16:20:29.976483
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Paul is the author of Hebrews.
Proofs:
I - 
Pre-1900 Authorized King James Version by Oxford has this title:
The Epistle of Paul The Apostle To The Hebrews.
(that's why it's grouped together with Paul's epistles)
II - Oxford KJV has end notes only for all of Paul's epistles. So by Hebrews having an end note makes it a Pauline epistle.
Hebrews 13:25 Oxford KJV end note:
Written to the Hebrews from Italy by Timothy.
(aka Timothy penned the epistle Paul orated)
III - Hebrews ends with Paul's grace salutation, which Paul thrice noted he always wrote with his own hand.
Hebrews 13:25 KJV
Grace be with you all. Amen.
IV - Paul always uses both "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" in his epistles, but always turns mention of "Christ Jesus" around to "Jesus Christ", as he also does in Hebrews.
Hebrews 3:1 = "Christ Jesus"
Hebrews 10 - 13 = "Jesus Christ",
noting in Hebrews 13:8
"Jesus Christ" the same yesterday and to day and for ever.
(this can not be and is not said for "Christ Jesus")
V - Only Paul qualifies, as noted in Philippians 3:5
Circumcised the eighth day, of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, an Hebrew of the Hebrews...
The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ BE WITH YOU ALL. AMEN.

