---
title: "post 1877"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\December\post_1877.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:07:17.669580
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: D------e--c------------em--ber7---,------20--19
---

## Content

Let God be true, but EVERY man[anthropos] a liar. Let's investigate who every 'anthropos' may shockingly include:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
In Romans 2:1 greek it's judge-mental 'anthropos' man (not yet upgraded to 'aner' man) who is as "inexcusable" as them who are "without excuse" in Rom 1. For when law judge[krino] others an 'anthropos' man condemns himself in the process. 
So 
Rom 3:4 says let God be true, but EVERY 'anthropos' man a liar. So EVERY 'anthropos' a liar. In contrast he uses 'aner' man in Rom 4:8; 1Cor 11:3; 13:11; Eph 4:13 greek mode.
Where it gets interesting, even shocking, is in 1Cor 15:45-48 greek it reveals Both first man[anthropos] Adam & last Adam: second man[anthropos] are 'anthropos', aka "liar"; Even when in Adam2 (quickening "spirit": 'pneuma') mode instead of Adam1 (living "soul": 'psyche') mode, also noted as "natural first, spiritual afterward", for 1st & 2nd Adam's. But...
Even when we're spiritual seems we can still be a liar, as if still also have a spirit of error, instead of only a spirit of truth; As why Paul notes when spiritual, still more comparing to do: "comparing spiritual things(plural) with spiritual(singular)".
Seems then, 1Cor 15:22's "as in Adam all die" may include both in Adam1 & Adam2, even though Adam2 is called "the Lord from heaven". Hmmm. What sort of spiritual "heaven" would have a "Lord" coming from there that is a "liar"?
Even so, in Christ shall all be made alive, seems to portray
Christ=3rd: Adam1(all die)→Adam2(all die)→Christ(all live).
Seems as if Adam1=law1, Adam2=law2, but Christ=grace.
For even more of a shock, 1Tim 2:5 in greek notes mediator "between" God and men, is the man[anthropos] Christ Jesus.
Hmmm.
Seems it makes Christ Jesus liar, what he mediates, as if a lie.
Seems, as new "high priest", what CJ then mediates is a new covenant of an OT LORD[Yehovah], which is just "change of the law", from OT law1 to NT better law2, but not yet grace.
Seems why, Acts revealed even after a transition from Saul to Paul, when Paul, he got further changed from "Christ Jesus" mode (Acts 19:4) to "Jesus Christ" mode (Acts 28:31). 
So then, 
in Romans→fwd, Paul always 1st clarifies he's now in "Jesus Christ" mode, and always turns descending "Christ Jesus" around to re-ascending "Jesus Christ", so every tongue should confess "Jesus Christ" (grace & truth) is Lord, to the glory of the Father (Phil 2:5-11's C→J & J→C contrast).
But no condemnation to them still in Christ Jesus (Rom 8:1) because in 1Cor 1:1-4 grace is given them by Jesus Christ.
Fascinating biblical "mystery" stuff to notice, ponder, discuss.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

