---
title: "post 1513"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\July\post_1513.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2018
comments: 2
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:38:56.949563
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

There is no respect of persons (aka no partiality) with God. ~Romans 2:11. WHY NOT? Here's what I learned...
Holy Kiss Greeting: Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ (Romans 1:7)...
The Spirit had me ponder Rom 2:11, then do a KJV search for "respect of persons" & "partiality" to see for MySelf it was a constant theme in both OT & NT. So then, have partiality (respect of persons) was not good (not 
God); Then Spirit revealed why that theme occured so oft in Bible...
It was written therein so oft to Help me Decide (make up my own mind) which of Law OR Grace I should apply, without partiality, unto all, based on this further Spirit revealing:
- IF I perceive Law as God, then Law (as God) concludes (without partiality): There are none righteous, no, not one.
OR
- IF I perecieve Grace as God, then Grace (as God) concludes (without partiality): All are righteous, yes, every one.
BUT
- IF I pereceive God as Law & Grace Duality: Two Contrary (Bi-polar) things: None righteous & All righteous, then it's as Bi-polar as if I were pereiving God is one to be an OxyMoron.
OMG. I'd been doing this Bi-polar thing by saying I was saved (by grace), but others were not saved (by law). I was having partiality. So, it was me who was being an OxyMoron. Oops.
So, by Spirit prompting me to search & see for myself there is no partiality (no respect of persons) with God, and then help make me aware why it's there, it Helped me Decide this about God: He is Grace only, and for good reason. 
For... 
If God was Law, which concludes none righteous, no, not one, and if God is one, then by Law it makes God unrighteous. But if God is Grace, which concludes all righteous, yes, every one, then by Grace it makes God righteous. 
Hmmm...
Explains why JC (grace & truth) was sent, came & said seek & find both the kingdom of God & his righteousness. Also why we are being made the righteousness of God by Jesus Christ.
So then, by Spirit guidance & revealing, I decided to put away perceiving Law as God, also to put away perceiving both Law & Grace Duality as God; And Only perceive Grace as God. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

