---
title: "post 1580"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\October\post_1580.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2018
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:59:15.043852
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Reality?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
I'm becoming more aware "eternal life" IS [not just will be] our "all truth" of "all grace" reality; And our "eternal life" reality has no begin/end duality, like "all truth" (of "God, that cannot lie") has no lie/truth duality, like "all grace" (of "God of all grace") has no law/grace duality. 
Seems, it kinda makes a biblical shew, has beginning/end,  lie/truth, law/grace, sacrifice/mercy, confusion/peace, mortality/immortality, old/new duality comparisons, AsIf a dual shew about something less than our eternal life reality.
Seems purpose of watch biblical shew of allegory & mystery, written aforetime "for our learning", is AsIf only a supposed contrast, perhaps simulation into, what our eternal life reality is not; Yet only for awareness sake, to have both fulness of Christ & fulness of God awareness of what our reality IS.
In a biblical shew, of old/new, eternal life is not mentioned in the old; And in the new there's still mention of 4 life phrases: everlasting life, life everlasting, life eternal, eternal life lastly BEing only 1 of 4 life phrases that endures beyond 1Timothy. 
So 1Tim 6:12b says "lay hold on eternal life" is what "also called" unto; As "unto eternal life", above duality mode.
Then Titus 1:2 notes "eternal life" is what "God, that cannot lie", promised "before the world began"; As "all truth" before a lie/truth duality shew began; So, when simulated into a biblical shew, about world duality began, we'd believe, constantly affirm, even also "receive" what He promised.
Yet Heb 10:36 says "receive" is after we've done the will of God: have mercy, not sacrifice; Allegory have grace, not law, truth, not lie, is eternal life (immortality), not death (mortality). 
So last mention of eternal life, in Jude 1:21b, says look for the mercy (not sacrifice) of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life; For apocalypse of Revelation has no mention of mercy; Not until the very end, has no more mention of duality, only of:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [BE-ing/IS] with you all. Amen.

