---
title: "post 1310"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\December\post_1310.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:37:49.021143
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Things about Christmas season, before close it, again:
seems Jesus was only conceived at what's called Christmas, then birthed about 9 months later, at a time Jews call Rosh Ha Shanah (isn't in winter); 
SO... 
we ought to stop believing shepherds watch flocks outside in winter, and consider how many fallacies there are about Christmas. Why?
For...
angelic heralding in Luke 2:9-14 was NOT about Jesus (only called Saviour of Israel), but notably said "Christ" (called "Saviour" of the world), 
and 
was NOT about good + bad tidings of 2SonsJesus, but ONLY "good tidings" & "good will" towards "men" (not children). 
For...
when we look at Jesus mode: he twice said "Nay" to peace on earth: saying he'd neither "give" nor "send" peace on earth: Mt 10:34; Lk 12:51.
Therefore...
"on earth peace" is about "Christ" = end of law = our peace.
So Paul said to childish Corinthians, in 1Cor 14:20, "be not children", but in understanding be "men"; aka GrowUp, ManUp, for as "children" we still have many "childish" things (laws = flaws) to put away, to become a "man": 1Cor 13:11; Which is then 'aner' kind of "man" in 
- Rom 4:8's ManBlessed = no sin even imputed; 
- 1Cor 11:3's head of every man = Christ (not still Jesus); 
- Eph 4:13's perfect man is the fulness of "Christ". 
So... 
in Eph 4:14-32 Paul also tells childish Ephesians: "be no more children", grow up, stop lying (lawing) to one another, and stop giving place to the d-evil (for evil is reverse of live), also put away these six (child-ish) things: bitterness, wrath (of law worketh wrath), anger, clamour, evil speaking, malice.
Clarity: not said to guilt-trip any, but to help aware us all.

