---
title: "post 2120"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\April\post_2120.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:55:47.203283
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
If POST CROSS "Jesus" of Nazareth (after egeiro & anistemi "risen") still "upbraided" & "damned": Mark 16:6-16; Is it why, for gospel of "Christ" in Romans→fwd, there's NO more mention of Son of man (ONLY Son of God), NOR of Nazareth; And then peace with God (Rom 5:1), God's gift of eternal life (Rom 6:23) are "THROUGH" our Lord Jesus→Christ b/c "Christ" is the 
end of the law (Rom 10:4)?
Only in Mt - Acts is "Jesus" 2 Sons: both Son of God & Son of man: twain: still having 2 (grace & law) voices saying "live" & "judgment also", even 2 resurrections of "life" & of "damnation" for "good"  [agathos] & for "evil" [phaulos: flawy]: John 5:25-29. 
But 
in Rom→fwd no more Son of man nor Nazareth mention as then the gospel of "Christ" of through Jesus→Christ=end of the law. Seems why is a resurrection of "damnation" could allegory mean a resurrection of law to damn, as Jesus still did in Mark 16:16.
If risen Jesus still "upbraided", not only before but also after the cross, as noted in Mk 16:14; Could this allegory portray something quite different than, even contrary to, the nice only  "God" who "upbraideth not" in James 1:5 KJV ? Hmmm...
Seems lack of awareness of such things may be a reason most modern bibles, by Y2Ks, had removed "Christ" from "the end": Revelation 22:21; And why, since Y2Ks, both news & weather have reported "worst"←BC scenarios & "death" tolls ww; As if by remove "Christ" (is the end of the law) it gives place to BC.
What are your thoughts & insights about such biblical mystery?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

