---
title: "post 1053"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\February\post_1053.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2017
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T19:30:31.635253
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Merciful? Past few days I've been awaking with word "merciful" in mind to post for discussion; Which in Luke 6:36 KJV is an ALSO, as if even more than Be perfect firstly mentioned in Matthew 5:48: 
- "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect". ~Matthew 5:48 KJV.
- "Be ye therefore merciful, as your Father ALSO is merciful". ~Luke 6:36 KJV.
What's it there-for? Why the ALSO?
Perhaps FOR this reason: how can we go to "the throne of grace", to "obtain mercy" (Hebrews 4:16), and then not ALSO offer such mercy of grace (aka total forgiveness of all trespasses: Col 2:13) obtained unto all others? 
Perhaps if not ALSO merciful (forgiving), it could be like the Law forgiven portrayed in Matthew 18:23-35, where a "servant" (differs nothing from a child in Gal 4:1) gets forgiven (mercy), but isn't ALSO forgiving (merciful) to others, so then (because law is both good and evil) this law servant ALSO gets unforgiven & tormented. 
Seems then, law & grace both have an ALSO.
Perhaps if we do not be ALSO merciful, 
then it would be part-iality (respect of persons), and perhaps more like "their part" than "your part", if there still be two parts being played by children vs children, is still childish on both sides.
So...
1Corinthians 13:10,11 talks of when perfect is come, then part-iality is done away; As when a man, then childish things are put away. Seems why Apostle Paul tells both Corinthians & Ephesians: 
- "be not children", still has "malice": 1Cor 14:20
- "be no more children", ALSO put away "malice": Eph 4:14...31
Seems why Apostle Paul ALSO upgrades his holy kiss greeting:
- From: Grace to you and peace from God... (Romans 1:7)
- To: Grace, mercy, and peace from God... (1Timothy 1:2)
Seems why James 3:17 describes wisdom from above (aka Grace from God) as being firstly pure wisdom (aka pure grace), which is then seven things, including full of mercy & having no partiality.

