---
title: "post 3537"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\October\post_3537.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T22:31:44.041646
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

It can be REVEALing to connect biblical dots. An example:
- Prayer: Our Father...deliver us from EVIL: Matthew 6:13.
- Answer: We are delivered from the LAW: Romans 7:6.
YET, 
also 
PERPLEXing, b/c Paul calls the law "good, just, holy".
-Seems law is both good + evil, lastly "evil": reverse of live.
-Seems law is both just + unjust, lastly the "unjust judge".
-Seems law is both holy + unholy, so from such turn away.
AHA, so
that's why Jesus' law thingS in Mt 12:30-37 all end BADly:
-with + against... ends against
-gather + scatter... ends scattered
-forgiven + not forgiven... ends unforgiven
-Son of man + Holy Ghost... ends Ghostly
-tree good + tree corrupt... ends corrupt fruit
-speak + give account... ends with judgment
-justified + condemned... ends condemned
AHA,
so that is why Apostle Paul called the law: 
-the "ministration of death" (2Cor 3:7), and
-the "ministration of condemnation" (2Cor 3:9)
SO THEN, in conclusion,
all law, written in stone & ink, should be "done away" x2.
WHY? Then it's 
-ONLY the GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ in THE END.
-and if ONLY the grace of JC, then ONLY "WITH you all".
THE END to ENDure unto: Revelation 22:21 KJV 
(Paul's grace salutation, by his own hand, as Paul revealed in 2Thessalonians 3:17,18)
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. 
Amen".

