---
title: "post 1480"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\June\post_1480.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:29:02.154351
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Spirit reminded me, how & why apostle Paul QUARANTINES his own epistle writings between Opening & Closing Grace:
Paul first holy kiss greets all brethren & churches with Grace. Eg: "Grace" to you, and peace, from God our Father, and the/our Lord Jesus Christ. Yet Paul also end salutes all brethren & churches with Grace. Eg: The "grace" of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all (aka against none). Amen.
It's allegory as if written in 
a sandwich format of a PEP talk: 
Positive (begin)... Evaluate (midst)... Positive (end).
It's so whatever he Evaluates in midst, by allegoric law/grace (duality) contrasts, also upgrades, are as if spiritual sandwich meat to help us put off all Negatives & to then put on all Positives, to make the end of our learning journey even more Positive than the beginning.   
It's also interesting to notice, in 1Timothy, which begins six mentions of "God our Saviour" (from 1Tim to Jude), Paul adds mercy to his opening greeting: "Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord". 
Seems why Paul doesn't PEP in Hebrews is it's allegory written as if a mini bible itself; So it ends with pure Grace.
Mercy is what we obtain from "the throne of grace": Heb 4;16; And when mercy for ALL (as God will have mercy upon ALL: noted in Rom), then it helps us make it through Revelation, which has no mention of mercy, with no flaw harm to any.
So it gets interesting to notice Bible end, in Rev 22:21 KJV, is only the Grace salutation (token) of Paul (not John), which Paul had thrice noted he always writes with his own hand. 
If so, it then reasons what's in the midst of Revelation (some nasty stuff) is also QUARANTINED, by being sandwiched between Opening (Rev 1:4) & Closing (Rev 22:21) Grace. 
The grace or our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

