---
title: "post 1891"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\February\post_1891.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2020
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:12:12.395201
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Does change from "children" of the wicked to "children" of God still have "child-ish" things to put away; As why Paul said be not "children", but "men" in understanding?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
After Paul mentions an upgrade from children of the wicked by being delivered children of God having 1st of 2 kinds of liberty; He also says these things:
- put away childish things to become a man: 
1Cor 13:11.
- be not children, but men in understanding: 1Cor 14:20.
- a child differs nothing from a servant, so after redeemed there's also being no more a servant(aka child): Gal 4:1-7.
- be no more children, because children can still get tossed to and fro by winds of doctrine of deceitful men: Eph 4:14.
- grow up... stop lying (aka stop lawing) to one another... stop giving place to the devil (aka to good & evil law)... put away 6 more law things: Eph 4:15-31.
- not plural & contrary "scriptures", but only all "scripture" (aka only the grace script-u-are of twain) is given by inspiration of God, to throughly furnish the "man" of God: 2Tim 3:15-17.
- Timothy also got set at liberty [apolyo, more than eleutheria]: Heb 13:23  
So it reasons being called "children" of God or "child" of God may seem glorious & liberating; Yet there's yet more to go on unto to be "men" in understanding & a "man" of God.
Seems then, it's not such a compliment to be children of God.
Interesting "mystery" details to notice/learn for awareness.
 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/IS] with you all. Amen.

