---
title: "post 1612"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\December\post_1612.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:11:53.622936
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

The gospel of "Christ", of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ", is not mentioned until Romans 1:16. Why? Let's investigate...
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Spirit of truth helped me notice what Jesus revealed about himself, in John 5:25-29, was that while still 2Sons: Son of God & Son of man, he still had 2Voices, saying "live" & "judgment also", which is allegory like grace & law also, comfort 
& discomfort also, good news & bad news also.
Hmmm...
Seems Son of man (OT term) said some nasty things; But Son of God said only nice things, like I will not accuse you.
Explains why, in John 7:43, there's still "division" (not peace) "because of him", and why in John 16:7-16, he said it's "expedient" for you he "go away", re-ascend to Father, and from there (far above all heavens: Eph 4:10) send another Comforter: "Spirit of truth", to "guide" you into "all truth".  
Then...
Spirit of truth helped me notice Jesus as 2Sons (twain) occurs in Mt-Acts; But beyond (plural LukeWarm) Acts, then NO more mention of Son of man (OT term), ONLY Son of God. Then it's called the "gospel of God" & "gospel of Christ", of "through our Lord  Jesus→Christ" we have "peace".
So...
Paul explains in Ephesians 2:15 he abolished in his flesh the "enmity", the "law", for to make "in himself" of "twain" (as if of Son of God + Son of man) only "one" new man (only Son of God), so making "peace" (then only good news as Christ).
Hmmm...
Explains why in John 3:17 it clarified God sent not his "Son"  to condemn (law flaw) the world; but that the world "through him" might be saved (graced only). 
Then in John 20:31 it clarified Jesus is the "Christ", the "Son of God" (only), and so believing (that) ye might have "life" (only) "through his name" (aka through Jesus→Christ).
Then in Rom-fwd Paul says through our Lord Jesus→Christ. 
Explains why Son of man believers still say nasty things; Yet only because they haven't yet noticed how the NT story takes us through 2SonsJesus (Mt-Acts) to 1SonChrist (Rom-fwd).
Not shared to speak against Son of man, no, but about such things I did not notice myself until fwd led of Spirit of truth.
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] "with you all". Amen.

