---
title: "post 2474"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\July\post_2474.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2022
comments: 7
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-13T15:12:08.718145
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WHY does (only) John have a double (Big, little) "Verily, verily" ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Matthew, Mark, Luke say "Verily". John says double "Verily, verily" for Jesus quotes. In Greek "Verily, verily" means 'Amen, amen'. What's interesting about this is the 1st bible mention of Amen in Number 5:22 was a double (Big, little) "Amen, amen" of woman to being Blessed, cursed by a law priest of 
the LORD [Yehova]. 
So 
John's "Verily, verily" is the same as Numbers 5:22's "Amen, amen".
Numbers 5:22 KJV
And this water that causeth the curse shall go into thy bowels, to make thy belly to swell, and thy thigh to rot: And the woman shall say, Amen, amen.
It's also interestingly similar that Jesus was called "Master, master" in Mark 14:45 & Luke 8:24. This is a double (Big, little) similar to John's "Verily, verily". It's TWO many masters in Matthew 6:24 & Luke 16:13. Jesus had Matthew 23:8,10 clarified only "one" is your (Big) "Master": "Christ".
So 
John's "Verily, verily" is similar to "Amen, amen" & "Master, master".
What are your insights re John's double (Big, little) "Verily, verily"?
Thank God the end to endure unto has only one (Big) "Amen", and such only goes to grace, as the grace salutation of Paul (not John):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

