---
title: "post 2864"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\June\post_2864.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T01:39:25.210866
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

RANSOM: 
two kinds of biblical ransome in Greek: 
lytron & antilytron for contrast:
Son of man gives his life a ransom [lytron] for MANY (not all).
Christ Jesus gave his life a ransom [antilytron] for ALL. Hmmm.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Biblical word "ransom" NT occurs 3x, but 2x as 'lytron' re "Son of man" (not Son of God) for "MANY" (not all), then 1x as 'anti-lytron' re "Christ Jesus" (not Jesus Christ) for "ALL" (not many). Hmmm.
Matthew 20:28 KJV (re lytron)
Even as the Son of man [anthropos, not aner] came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life [psyche, not zoe] a ransom [lytron] for many (not all).
Mark 10:45 KJV (re lytron)
For even the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life [psyche, not zoe] a ransom [lytron] for MANY (not all).
1Timothy 2:4-6 KJV (re anti-lytron)
2:4 (2:3 "God our Saviour"); Who will have ALL men [anthropos, not aner] to be saved (by grace) AND to come unto the knowledge [epignosis, not gnosis] of the truth.
2:5 For there is one God and one mediator between God and men [anthropos, not aner], the man [anthropos] Christ Jesus, 
2:6 Who gave himself a ransom [anti-lytron, not lytron] for ALL, (not just many) to be testified in due time.
Notes:
lytron = price paid for redeeming, re slaves, captives, to liberate.
anti-lytron = over against (opposite) lytron, as if a different ransom given in exchange for another as price paid for redemption.
Hebrews 10:10 says we are sanctified through the offering of the body of "Jesus Christ" (not Christ Jesus) once for all. 
Note: "Christ Jesus" is called (new) High Priest (of law) in Heb 3:1. Heb 7:12 notes a change of the priesthood makes it necessary for a change also of the law.  Mt 5:43,44 notes Jesus made a change of the law: from hate enemy to love enemy (harder, still jeopardy)
Note: 
Paul turns "Christ Jesus" (Heb 3 - 9) around to "Jesus Christ" (Heb 10 - 13) in Hebrews, as he also does in all his other epistles. 
Hmmm. 
Seems although it says "Christ Jesus" came to "save sinners" (1Tim 1:15) it never calls Christ Jesus "Saviour". Only "Jesus Christ" is called both Lord and Saviour.
So, of 3 NT mentions of "ransom", it's 
2x ransom [lytron] for many (not all) via "Son of man" (doesn't occur past Acts 7),
then
1x ransom [anti-lytron] for ALL (not just many) via "Christ Jesus", as a mediator "between" God & men [anthropos], but "Christ Jesus" is himself a man [anthropos], which God our Saviour will have all such both saved (by grace) AND truth aware with epignosis knowledge after saved. Hmmm.
Note: there's no mention of Son of man beyond Acts 7, and no mention of "Christ Jesus" beyond 1Peter 5.
What are your insights re ransom[lytron] & ransom[anti-lytron] ? 
Note: The End: Revelation 22:21 KJV is the grace salutation of Paul (not John), and does not remove the word "Christ" as modern bibles do 
(seems by remove "Christ" it gives place to OT←BC things to manifest in NT→AD time, like "worst"←worse←bad scenarios)
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

