---
title: "post 2069"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\January\post_2069.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2021
comments: 9
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:31:03.636100
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Post #2 re IS "CHRIST JESUS" the same as "JESUS CHRIST" ? 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
NT title page says: New Testament of our Lord and Saviour JESUS CHRIST. NT begins & ends with JESUS CHRIST. Mention of CHRIST JESUS (58x) doesn't begin till Acts 19:4 & also ends in 1Pet  5:14; But mention of JESUS CHRIST (187x) is from Mt 1:1 to Rev 22:21. CHRIST JESUS isn't mentioned in 12 NT books. 
While almost all mention of CHRIST JESUS (55 of 58x) is in Paul's epistles, especially there is therefore now "no condemnation" to them "in CHRIST JESUS" who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit, consider these things:
In Acts, after Saul changed to Paul, then Paul further changed from a CHRIST JESUS mode in Acts 19:4 to a JESUS CHRIST mode in Acts 28:31. Paul's epistles then mention both JESUS CHRIST & CHRIST JESUS, but always 1st clarifiy Paul's now in JESUS CHRIST mode, and always turns CHRIST JESUS mention around to JESUS CHRIST, even in Hebrews.   
This CJ to JC turn around, as explained in Philippians 2:5-11, begins with a mind that was also in (descending) CHRIST JESUS who took upon him the form of a "servant" and was made in the likeness of men [anthropos], And being found in the fashion of a "man" [anthropos: a judge-mental self-condemning liar in Rom 2:1 & 3:4]. So, 
to end such servant & 'anthropos' man modes he humbled himself and became obedient to the death of the cross. 
So 
God highly exalted him, such that at the name of Jesus every knee should bow in heaven, and in earth, and under the earth;
And 
every tongue should confess that JESUS CHRIST is Lord to the glory of God the Father.
So this mind begins with CHRIST JESUS & ends with JESUS CHRIST (aka with grace and truth came by JESUS CHRIST) being Lord.
So Paul clarifies many things about JESUS CHRIST:
in 1Cor 1:1-4 grace given them in CHRIST JESUS is by JESUS CHRIST
in 1Cor 3:11 the only "foundation" laid to build on is JESUS CHRIST
in 2Cor 5:18 God hath reconciled us to himself by JESUS CHRIST
in Heb 13:8 JESUS CHRIST (aka grace & truth)  is the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever
What are your insights about CHRIST JESUS & JESUS CHRIST?
The grace of our Lord JESUS CHRIST be with you all. Amen.

