---
title: "post 2823"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\May\post_2823.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T23:42:54.060823
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: --M--a--y------2-1-----,-----2-023-
---

## Content

Bible things in GREEK MODE to notice, are as if for contrast:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
For "converted" in English, there's strepho & epistrepho in Greek.
- 
Matthew 18:3 uses 'strepho' for "converted":
And said, Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted [strepho], and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven.
- Luke 22:32 uses 'epistrepho' for "converted" re Peter:
But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not: and when thou art converted [epistrepho], strengthen thy brethren.
For "knowledge" in English, there's gnosis & epignosis in Greek.
1Cor 13:8 notes whether knowledge [gnosis], it shall vanish away.
1Tim 2:4 notes God will have all come unto knowledge [epignosis].
For the "word" of God in English, there is rhema & logos in Greek.
- Ephesians 6:17 uses 'rhema' for "word" of God:
And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word [rhema] of God:
- Hebrews 4:12 uses 'logos' for the "word" of God:
For the word [logos] of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.
For "Lamb" in English, there is arnion & amnos in Greek.
"Lamb" of God is 'amnos' in John 1:29,36; Acts 8:32; 1Peter 1:19.
"Lamb" used over 20x in Revelation, is 'arnion' (not amnos of God).
For "man" in English, there is anthropos & aner kinds in Greek. 
- Romans 3:4 notes let every 'anthropos' man be as a liar:
...let God be true, but every man [anthropos] a liar...
- Romans 4:8 notes 'aner' man has no sin imputed:
Blessed the man [aner] to whom the Lord will not impute sin.
In KJV there is also different English words being translated for the same Greek words; As if for further allegoric mystery contrast:
Examples:
KJV uses both "Ghost" & "Spirit" for the Greek word 'pneuma'.
Jesus notes God is "Spirit": John 4:24.
KJV uses both "love" & "charity" for the Greek word 'agape'.
Jesus notes love [agape] of many shall wax cold in Mt 24:12.
What are your insights about such English/Greek biblical things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

