---
title: "post 2941"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\August\post_2941.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T11:53:16.645414
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

MYSTERY QUESTION:
How had Jesus Christ already given eternal life BEFORE the cross?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
In 
John 17:1-5 Jesus asked Father to glorify him with the glory he'd had before the world[kosmos] was; Because, 
as Jesus Christ (aka grace & truth: Jn 1:17), 
sent by the only true God, 
JC had (somehow already) "finished" the "work" given him to do, which he'd said was "give eternal life". 
NOTE: this is BEFORE the cross, different than John 19:30.
Jn 17:1-5 KJV 
"These words spake Jesus, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son, that thy Son also may glorify thee: As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him. And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent. I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do. And now, O Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee before the world was".
The mystery question about this becomes, 
besides the miraculous things noted, 
how had Jesus Christ already given eternal life before the cross?
Seems one thing he did was reveal this:
God is not God of the dead, but God of the living.
(perhaps allegory for God is not law, but grace)
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

