---
title: "post 1001"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\December\post_1001.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T22:48:46.641227
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Interesting post re Christmas, Xmas... Do you know there's no mention in the Bible about JESUS in us? It's all about CHRIST in us!

Blessed Christmas to all my beloved friends! Here's something about the significance of CHRIST in Christmas!
GIFT: Grace Inspiration For Today
Bible verse according to Date: 25
Mt. 1:25 - And knew her not till she had brought forth her firstborn son: and he called His name Jesus.
The name Christ was not revealed at His birth. He was known as Jesus.
Jesus at birth was Emmanuel - God WITH us (Mt. 1:23).
Jesus upon resurrection and ascension is Christ - God IN us (Eph. 3:17).
Do you know there's no mention in the Bible about JESUS in us? It's all about CHRIST in us!
God wants us to know the One living in us is not a baby or even the man in the Gospels. 
He is the risen and glorified Christ!
We associate not just with Jesus in the Gospels but Christ in the epistles! (Phil. 2:9-11)
We relate not just with Jesus, the Son of Man; but Christ, the Son of God! (Gal. 2:20)
We identify not just with Jesus' earthly ministry but Christ's heavenly ministry! (Heb. 3:1)
We connect not just with Jesus' past ministry but Christ's present ministry! (Rom. 8:34)
There's concern that we take Christ out of Christmas like substituting "Christmas" with "Xmas".
It's really nothing to worry about. It's not like we're cancelling or "X-rating" Him.
"X" represents the letter "chi". It's the initial letter of the Greek word "Christos" for Christ.
The word "charis" for grace also has "chi" as the 1st alphabet. Christ is indeed the God of grace!
What's important today is for us to know He's not in a manger anymore.
He who's in us is our Manager forevermore !!!
Yours in Grace Revelation
Daniel Leong

