---
title: "post 2790"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\April\post_2790.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2023
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:55:37.796292
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Some Jesus & Christ differences to notice (but not to speak against Jesus, rather to speak for Christ, of through Jesus → Christ):
- Jesus was only called "Saviour of Israel" (twice in Acts)
- 
Christ is called "Saviour of the world" (also noted twice)
- Jesus was "made under the law" (as servant: Gal 4:1-4)
- Christ is "the end of the law" (Romans 10:4).
- Jesus was WONDERful.
- Christ is more ONEderful.
- Jesus preachers want ppl to confess sin & bow down.
- Christ preachers reveal he took away sin, so look up.
- Jesus was called "Master, master": Lk 8:24 = two masters.
- Christ is only "one": only your Big M "Master": Mt 23:8,10.
- Jesus, as 2Sons, had 2voices: "live" & "judgment": Jn 5:25-29.
- Christ, one new man of twain: has 1voice: "peace": Eph 2:15.
- Jesus sat down on right hand of "Majesty" on high: Heb 1:3.
- Christ, risen higher, sits at the right hand of "God": Col 3:1.
- Jesus, when sat at right hand of Majesty still had "enemies".
- Christ, seated at right hand of God is at peace = no enemies.
- Jesus is called both author and finisher of our faith (Heb 12).
- Christ is called author of eternal salvation (also in Heb 5).
- In Jesus, it's still both old and new (both law & grace).
- In Christ it's old passed away, all things new: 2Cor 5:17.
Peace with God (Rom 5:1), God gifted eternal life (Rom 6:23), and God given victory (1Cor 15:57) are THROUGH Jesus → Christ.
Point: 
Jesus plays both Son of man & Son of God in Matthew to Acts.
Beyond plural Acts, there's NO more mention of Son of man, then ONLY Son of God, then called "the gospel" (good news only) of "Christ", of "through our Lord Jesus → Christ" we are now called the body of "Christ", being nurtured in inseparable love of God while also growing in grace, mercy, peace unto the fulness of perfect man [aner, not anthropos] Christ.
What are your insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus → Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

