---
title: "post 3343"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\May\post_3343.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2024
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T21:40:21.252584
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: May---2--,---2-----0-----24-----
---

## Content

Reasons DATE OF REVELATION Writing was pre-AD70:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
An easy reason for early date of AD60-66 (not AD96) is mention of the "temple" in Rev 3:12, of measure the temple in 11:1, and of temple in 15:8. 
For 
if history records the temple demolished in AD70, it reasons mention of it still standing denotes Revelation was written pre AD70. 
Yet here's some radical reasons to also notice, ponder, discuss:
Rev 22:21 KJV (last verse) is ONLY the grace salutation of Paul, NEVER of John, as revealed in Rom 16:24, 1Cor 16:23, Phil 4:23. 2Thess 3:17,18 even clarifies Paul always wrote his grace salutation by his "own hand" (as if to allegory sign-ify it's his writing). 
Did Paul thereby sign-ify he wrote the book of Revelation? 
Such gives reason to suggest Paul, not John, may have symbolically written book of Revelation as a spoof on John having gotten "turned" back to what's "behind" him (Rev 1:10,12). 
2Peter 2:22 says it is happened (already) like the proverb said a dog "turned" to his own vomit.
Hmmm... 
Seems to suggest Peter may have read it as if it had been one of Paul's writings. 
2Peter 3:8 then gives a time allegory, noting 1day = 1000yrs and 1000yrs = 1 day. Perhaps 1000yrs = 1day may be used to perceive 1000yrs Satan bound in Rev 20 may have been only 1day, perhaps Easter in Acts 12:4, where Peter (called Satan in Mt 16:23) was bound in jail, until loosed (like Satan loosed in Rev 20:7). 
Then there's the original Title: 
"The Revelation (aka uncovering) of St. John The Divine"; 
Which may allegory denote it's about the uncovering of a saint named John many thought to be divine; 
Perhaps written and titled by Paul as if a gotcha spoof on John for bewitching churches Paul had established. Seems it may have been John who'd turned all in Asia away from Paul. 
Acts 20:4 notes the 7 who accompanied Paul into Asia (to establish churches). But that region, first called Asia, was later called Galatia. 
So, churches of Galatia got bewitched may have been by John as the "who" noted in Gal 3:1. John was prior mentioned in Gal 2:9.
7x in Rev 2,3 it says "He that hath an ear let him hear what the Spirit saith "UNTO THE CHURCHES". Perhaps it refers to Gal 1:2 being written "UNTO THE CHURCHES". 
So, perhaps to hear "what the Spirit saith unto the churches" is noted in Galatians, not in Rev 2 & 3. For Rev 2 & 3 has somewhat against all 7 angels of 7 churches.
Seems, from observe & ponder such things, it may not have been correct to ASSUME John wrote entire book of prophecy in AD96 as traditionally believed by many, including me for many years. 
Rather,
although John may have written a book to 7 angels of 7 churches, the uncovering of John may have been written by Paul pre AD70.
Note: this is not posted to speak against John, but to reason about John, whose surname (thrice noted in Acts) was Mark. 
What are your insights or opinions on such radical things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

