---
title: "post 3009"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\October\post_3009.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:21:25.549688
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Octob-er----2-------------2,2---0--------23----
---

## Content

ISRAEL CONFLICT?
some observations and questions
Loving Grace, Mercy, Peace (to everyone everywhere) from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Is 
Oct 7th Hamas attack on Israel called 'Israel's 911' to suggest someone (?) told Israel Military to stand down (rumor), as if to allow a pre-warned attack in order to respond by declare WAR?
For, 
how else could a tractor approach security fence unseen, to breach it, allowing vehicles and Hamas fighters to go out and attack from ground, as well as from air (both with rockets & motorized gliders)? 
Seems ODD 
that Israel high-tech security, which could tell if a bird flew over the wall, to miss seeing many motorized gliders, without fire a shot.
Hmmm...
Then, POTUS Biden, in publicly news reporting his phone calls with Netanyahu, added "AND I will NOT ask him to use restraint". 
Seems then, 
it was as if a green light for (Zionist) PM Netanyahu to declare a WAR of vengeance and punishments (twoedged sword: Ps 149:6,7) upon all people within Gaza (regardless of collateral damage to UN health and humanitarian aid workers), for such a humiliating slap on the face to Israel, by Hamas.
Hmmm,
Seems convenient for a 'Crime Minister' Netanyahu to then have marshal law, a war cabinet, to both end court cases and people protests, and begin what he said he'd do: change the Middle East.
So then,
USA State Dept Blinken goes about Arab Mid East countries saying: I'm a Jew. Israel has the right to defend itself, "AND to ensure it (being slap attacked by Hamas) never happens again (by what Netanyahu called the total flattening ruin of Gaza). 
Wow. That's how it started the first few days... 
So, here we are, 2 weeks later, still TV watching deadly collective punishment (called a genocidal ethnic cleansing by some) of 2M Palestinian people, of which 50% are children (over 1000 children dead so far, and many buried alive in the rubble), called animals. 
A GAZA SEIGE: NO Food, NO Water, NO Fuel, NO medicine, for weeks, while being bombed with 5,000 to 10,000 missles/drones, upon an area of 41KM long, 10KM wide (most densely populated region in the world). Even no fishing, for sea food.
Hard to watch. 
So, now there's a USA aircraft carrier & battle ships & amphibious marines in the Medaterian Sea, ready to attack anyone who dares to attack Israel for it's equally CRUEL bombing of Gaza. 
In my view, as if from above both sides, 
that is not preventing, but provoking escalation of WAR.
Israel has refused to stop bombing Gaza, 
even bombed Egypt (at Gaza Rapha border), South Lebanon (Hezbollah), Syria (Damascus & Aleppo airports), Iraq (an Iranian weapons convoy entering Syria). 
Many countries taking sides, as if world wide West vs East/South. 
In UN security Council, USA vetoed a Russian proposal to have a cease fire just because it did not name Hamas as terrorist, then also voted against Brazil's proposal (cleverly wordedto address USA's concerns about Russia's proposal). 
USA: NO to Ceasefire. NO to Peace.
So then,
western countries herd politicians to Israel to declare support.
Russia, when threatened, along with it's ally Syria, then warns USA it has Mig planes in Black Sea armed with hypersonic missles capable of hitting USA battleships if they attack Syria. 
Lots of threats, instead of dialogue for peace.
China, previously getting along with Israel, and previously remaining quiet, now sends 6 warships to Mediterian Sea, as if to show they lean towards Palestine if they must take a side.
Boy, it's exhausting to even keep up with constant Media reporting of such Middle East CHAOS, not like before, this time DIFFERENT. It has put Ukraine Conflict, Maui Fire (missing children), etc, on the back burner, and turned the front burner to HOT WAR.
What are your thoughts about such events?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

