---
title: "post 1897"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\February\post_1897.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2020
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:12:38.955999
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Old Testament? Reasons to leave, and also stay out of OT:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Although God, which cannot lie, promised "eternal life" before the world began, there's no "eternal life" in OT, only in NT. So Hebrews 11 notes OT law heroes "received not the promise". 
OT 
"time past" is now accounted Backward←BC of BC/AD. Go there in forward→AD called a "draw←back to perdition".
OT is allegory as cold mode of 3 seek & find modes:
cOLD←>LukeWarm→Hot.
OT was "law and prophets". In contrast NT "grace and truth" came by "Jesus Christ", sent by "the only true God".
OT wise guy Solomon, noted in Eccl about OT law, it had "No thing new" & was "all vanity & vexation of spirit". In contrast, in NT Christ, of through Jesus→Christ = end of law, it's "all things new" & by all old things of OT having "passed away".
OT had a LORD[Yehovah] Jews called God, but also noted many bad things about such LORD, Eg: his day comes as "destruction" (not salvation): Is 13:6; he created "darkness" & "evil": Is 45:7; he will forget & "forsake" you: Jer 23:39; he would bring "worst" & no peace to seek: Ez 7:24,25; his day is "darkness, and not light" (aka law, and not grace): Amos 5:18. 
In contrast NT God[Theos] is called "the only true God", the "God of all comfort", the "God of peace", the God who "upbraideth not", the "God of all grace" (no law), and "light" having no darkness at all (grace having no law at all), as being "the only wise God our Saviour" (doesn't destroy).
OT had plural & contrary scriptures, as if describing a God in conflict with himself, by having both wrath & mercy, which is like an oxymoron: two contrary things mingled. 
Hopefully this information will help friends still posting OT to consider leaving OT, to be in Christ is all new, nothing old.
Interesting "mystery" details for our awareness sake.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

