---
title: "post 1818"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\September\post_1818.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2019
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:46:08.166697
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Love & Grace: Are there some biblical differences to ponder about?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Of 7 NT kinds of "love" in Greek mode, God is love[agape]; Yet Jesus said in Mt 24:12 because iniquity shall abound, the love[agape] of many shall wax "cOLD"←>LukeWarm→Hot. Seems evidenced by many who fell in love got divorced. 
Yet 
modern bibles say love never fails. Seems it's b/c Paul noted the love of God is inseparable, but Paul KJV said, of love[agape1] & charity[agape2], only "charity never faileth". A love & charity contrast seems as if of better law & grace.
So, "grace and truth" came by "Jesus Christ" in contrast to law; And we are saved from law worketh wrath "by grace". There's a "dispensation of grace", but not of love; And  there's a "throne of grace", but not of love. There's a "God of all grace" who puts an end to suffer mode still occurs with love.
Love fulfills the law; But pure grace is the end of all law.
Seems love was/is always a commandment which can be either disobeyed or obeyed, and even changed. Eg: in Mt 5:43,44 we have OT love neighbour & hate enemy changed to NT love your enemies, but even this change of love by change of law still has enemies, thereby not yet peace.
So Paul in Romans→foward greets (not commands) with "Grace unto you, and peace". Paul does note it takes being rooted & grounded in love first to then also comprehend the fulness of God; But always begins & ends epistles with grace.
Love[agape] is excellent, yet "a more excellent way" described in 1Cor 13 KJV is called charity[agape2], as if a higher agape. Love one another is a new "commandment", which some could perceive to say law one another. So 1Tim 1:5 KJV notes Now the end of the "commmandment" is charity; As if to allegory say Grace isn't a commandment like love was.
Interesting things in the biblical mystery to ponder about.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be→is] with you all. Amen.

