---
title: "post 2300"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\January\post_2300.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2022
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:23:30.965301
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Delicate Question:
"Son of man" & "Son of God": SAME or DIFFERENT?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Both 
terms occur for Jesus in Matthew to Acts; 
BUT 
beyond Acts NO Son of man, ONLY Son of God,
And 
for "Son of God" it's specifically "Jesus Christ".
"Son of man", which occurs aprox 192x, is predominantly OT (aprox  110x), and therein OT predominantly in Ezekiel (aprox 90x); And then after aprox 80x in NT ends being mentioned in Acts 7:56.
In contrast
"Son of God", which occurs 47x is 46x in NT. So "Son of God"  occurs beyond Acts where "Son of man" ends.
Seems, when considering if Son of man & Son of God differ:
"Son of man" is both nice & nasty (as if Jesus portraying law).
"Son of God" is only nice (as if Jesus portraying grace & truth).
When Jesus asked disciples whom do you say that I (Son of man) am, Peter answered the Christ. But Jesus charged them "tell no man" such thing: Mt 16:20; Mk 8:39; Lk 9:21.
In Mt 25:31-46 "Son of man" is divisional, as if a shepherd dividing sheep/goats to right/left, and tells goats on left "depart from me", go away into "everlasting punishment". That is not merciful.
In contrast
Son of God, like God, has no respect of persons (no partiality), and said in John 5:45 he would not even accuse any to the Father.
In Luke 17:22-30 it notes the day of "Son of man" would be like the days of Noe & Lot, whereby the result was "destroyed (not saved) them all". Again that is not merciful, as why in Lk 6:36 Jesus had said be merciful as your Father also is merciful. 
Seems in John 3:13-18 "Son of man" is called "serpent", and then reverses NT "eternal life" to OT "everlasting life" in 3:15,16. So it's clarified in 3:17 God did not send Son (not Sons) to condemn, but save, is through him (aka through Jesus → Christ), which is "Son of God" in 3:18.
In John 5:25-29 it seems Jesus reveals that when still twain: both Son of God & Son of man, that he still had 2 voices saying:
in the voice of Son of God: "live"
in the voice of Son of man: "judgment [krisis] also"
(perhaps as if allegory saying grace and law also)
In Ephesians 2:15 it notes of twain within himself, he abolished law.
Such is not to speak against Son of man nor against Jesus, but to aware about and discuss whether Son of man & Son of God differ.
What are your insights about such a delicate question?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

