---
title: "post 1396"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\March\post_1396.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:57:14.990839
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M-a-r-ch-------------2--9,20--1-8-------
---

## Content

Good Friday? Is it correct day of crucifixion narrative? Seems this particular Jewish passover week had 2 Sabbaths: annual "high" holy Sabbath mid week, also regular weekend Sabbath. Seems referrences to "preparation day" was for the annual Sabbath, when a lamb was slain, on preparation day, aka Wednesday, not Friday was day before weekend Sabbath. Eg:
Mt 27:62 reveals chief priests and Pharisees came to Pilate the day after 
preparation to request the tomb be guarded, to assure the body couldn't be stolen and a resurrection claimed.
 Mk 15:42 reveals it was preparation day when Joseph of Arimathaea requested the body.
 Lk 23:54 says it was preparation day he took it down, wrapped it in linen, laid it in a sepulcher.
 Jn 19:14 reveals it was preparation of the passover, not preparation for the weekly Sabbath
 Jn 19:31 reveals the (passover) Sabbath following preparation was an high day, and the Jews wanted the bodies down before the Sabbath began (at evening), because of their law in Deuteronomy 21:23 notes if anyone hanged, the body should not remain on the tree overnight.
 Jn 19:42 again reveals they put the body in the tomb because of the Jews' preparation [day].
 Mk 16:1 reveals two Marys bought spices for anointing after the (passover) Sabbath, which would be on Friday, since everything was closed on Thursday Sabbath and Saturday Sabbath.
 Lk 23:55,56 and Lk 24:1 reveal two Marys watched the body entombed (Wed), then they returned (home) and prepared the spices they'd bought (on Friday), rested on the Sabbath (Saturday), came back to the tomb with the spices early Sunday morning (before sun rise). But the body was already gone, so they never got to do their spicial anointing.
So then, perhaps celebrate crucifixion on Good Friday (doesn't allow 3 days + 3 nights in tomb) may be as if celebrate error; 
Not said to suggest accusation nor condemnation to any who do, rather to suggest Jesus, being slain on preparation day, should put an end to all annual crucifixions is high-minded.

