---
title: "post 1768"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\July\post_1768.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2019
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:35:07.648488
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

The "kingdom of heaven"← & →"kingdom of God" Difference.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
The "kingdom of heaven" only occurs in Matthew, wherein JC Mt 6:33 said: But seek ye first the "kingdom of God". Why? Seems "kingdom of heaven" phrase was as allegory for law and "kingdom of God" is allegory for grace. Of twain, only the "kingdom of God" is said to be "within you". Yet...
It's also thrice 
noted JC never even began to preach about the "kingdom of God" until John the Baptist got beheaded. Why? Seems only then it was the end of law and prophets mode. For John, as 2nd coming of Elijah: violent OT law prophet, still said "wrath to come", which God has not appointed us to. And...
Because there's no mention of grace, yet, in Mt & Mk, none till LukeWarm, it's why it's not until Luke 17:20,21 we see this:
"And when he was demanded of the Pharisees, when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them and said, The kingdom of God cometh not with observation: Neither shall they say, Lo here! or, lo there! for, behold, the kingdom of God is within you". 
It seems in the NT story it takes the mention of grace for JC to then say "the kingdom of God is within you"; Which is then allegory like leaving cOLD mode of Mt & Mk for LukeWarm mode. Seems LukeWarm mode is Luke, John, Acts. Then...
There's also cOLD→LukeWarm→Hot=Romans→fwd because Jesus still called 2Sons with 2Voices, until beyond Acts then NO more Son of man, ONLY Son of God. Why? Seems, as Jesus noted in Jn 5:25-29, when still 2Sons:
OT Son of man← & →NT Son of God; Still 2Voices:
OT Voice = judgment also← & →NT Voice = live. 
Let's all hear & have only one voice: "live"
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ with you all. Amen.

