---
title: "post 2649"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\January\post_2649.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2023
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:30:13.709245
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -----Jan-u-a-----r--y------2----8----,----202-3
---

## Content

OLD TESTAMENT ← BC? 
Should we still go there in New Testament → AD time?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Although Titus 1:2 notes the God which cannot lie promised "eternal life" before the world began, there's no "eternal life" mentioned in the OT, only in NT. 
So, let's contrast OT & NT:
OT is "time past", now accounted as backward←BC of BC/AD. 
Go there in forward→AD called a "draw←back to perdition".
So, we should remind ourselves AD → only goes forward.
OT is allegory as if the cold mode of 3 seek & find modes:
cOLD←>LukeWarm→Hot.
So, Jesus said in Mt 24:12 re love [agape]: because iniquity shall abound, the love [agape] of many shall wax cold. 
OT was called "law and prophets". 
In contrast NT "grace and truth" came by "Jesus Christ" (John 1:17), sent by "the only true God" to kNOW. (John 17:2,3).
So, we ought to focus on NT Grace and peace of true God.  
OT wise guy Solomon noted in Ecclesiastes about OT law, that it had "No thing new" and was "all vanity and vexation of spirit" 7x. 
In contrast, in NT Christ, of through Jesus→Christ = end of law, it's "all things new" & by old things (of OT) "passed away" (2Cor 5:17).
OT had a LORD[Yehova] Jews called God, but also noted many bad things about such LORD, Eg: 
- his day comes as "destruction" (not salvation): Isaiah 13:6; 
- he created "darkness" & "evil": Is 45:7; 
- he will forget & "forsake" you: Jeremiah 23:39; 
- he would bring "worst" & no peace to seek: Ez 7:24,25; 
- his day is "darkness, and not light" (law, not grace): Amos 5:18. 
In contrast NT God[Theos] is called 
- "the only true God", 
- the "God of all comfort", 
- the "God of peace", 
- the God who "upbraideth not", 
- the "God of all grace" (aka no law at all), 
- that God is "light" having no darkness in him at all, 
- "the only wise God our Saviour" (doesn't also destroy).
OT had plural & contrary scriptures, as if describing a God in conflict with himself, by having both wrath & mercy, which is like an oxymoron: two contrary things mingled. 
In contrast,
NT helps us learn the positive script-u-are (as our true reality).
Hopefully this information will help friends still posting OT law stuff to consider leaving OT law, to be in Christ is all new, nothing old:
2Cor 5:17 KJV
Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.
Interesting "mystery" details for our awareness sake.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

