---
title: "post 0115"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\April\post_0115.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T20:40:11.329351
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Watch what you say more than what you eat.
Lest you defile yourself with your own mouth,
if your heart is not yet established with grace.
This Bible theme is first mentioned in Matthew 12:37 KJV:
"by 
thy words thou shalt be justified, and 
by thy words thou shalt be condemned". 
Then again in Matthew 15:11 KJV: 
"Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; 
but that which cometh out of the mouth, this defileth a man". 
This Bible theme is developed further in Mark 7:18-23, 
which notes defiling things said come from the heart. 
So twice in John 14 it says 
"let not your heart be troubled". 
Perhaps allegory for let not your heart be f-lawed.
Throughout Apostle Paul's epistles it allegory reveals 
what troubles the heart and self-condemns us is law. 
Eg: Rom 2:1 says f-law judge others is self-condemning,
for Rom 2:11 says there is no respect of persons with God,
which means if you f-law others you thereby f-law yourself.
So all Paul's epistles conclude grace only, 
after discussing things about law and grace. 
Concerning the heart, Hebrews 13:9 KJV it says 
"Be not carried about with divers and strange doctrines. 
For [it is] a good thing that the heart be established with grace; 
not with meats (allegory: laws), 
which have not profited them that have been occupied therein". 
This Bible theme is developed further in James 3, 
notes both bless + curse (allegory: grace + law) 
ought not come out the same mouth. James 3:10
Galatians 1 previously explained why:
blessed (graced) + cursed (lawed) = accursed. 
Interesting stuff.
So when the heart is established with grace, not laws, then the mouth stops defiling mankind. 
THE END: The grace of our Lord JC [be] with you all. Amen.

