---
title: "post 3146"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\January\post_3146.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T01:04:44.827415
source: v3.3.02
---

## Content

REVELATION SEVENS:
SEVEN mentions of "BLESSED" in Revelation?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
By 7 
mentions of "Blessed" occurring in Revelation, it seems to denote the "prophecy" (also mentioned 7x) occurred on a weekly Sabbath; Since in Old Testament the priest within and people without would say 18 each day, for 6 days, but only 7 on Sabbath.
So then,
Seems the 7 mentions of "Blessed" would be LAW Blessed's, 
which in the Old Testament also come with a curse. TRICKY.
 1. Revelation 1:3 KJV 
BLESSED is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.
(note: the time is at hand also occurs in Rev 22:10)
2. Revelation 14:13 
BLESSED are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth: Yea, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours; and their works do follow them.
3. Revelation 16:15 
BLESSED is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame.
4. Revelation 19:9 
BLESSED are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. (note: Lamb in Revelation is arnion, not amnos of God).
5. Revelation 20:6 
BLESSED and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years.
6. Revelation 22:7 
BLESSED is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book.
7. Revelation 22: 14 
BLESSED are they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city.
What are your insights & opinions about such 7 Blessed's?
Thank God The End to ENDure unto is the pure grace salutation of Paul (not John), which Paul noted in 2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV that he always wrote such with his "own hand":
Revelation 22:21 KJV (The End: Paul's salutation):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

