---
title: "post 0363"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2015\March\post_0363.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2015
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-10T01:05:11.012670
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --M----ar--c-h---------15----,--20-1----5
---

## Content

RULE OF LAW = Rule of F-law:
Seems 'Rule of Law', promoted by political & religious leaders, is doing what Bible says Law does: makes sin "exceeding sinful". 
Eg: result of law’s war on drugs =exceedingly more drugs; 
Eg: 
result of war on terrorists =exceedingly more terrorists. 
Eg: religious warfare on the devil =exceedingly more devils. 
So, further to Romans 7's law = holy & just & good & spiritual: Yes; BUT: 
- Yes: law is good; BUT "good and evil" ends "exceeding" evil. 
- Yes: law is holy; BUT holy + "unholy" = exceeding "unstable". 
- Yes: law is just; BUT just + unjust = exceedingly "unjust judge". 
- Yes: law is spiritual; BUT then called "spiritual wickedness". 
Yes: law is not only ROOT source of all manner of sin: 
- where (no) law, there (no)transgression: Rom 4:15 
- when (no) law, then (no) sin isIMPuted: Rom 4:8; 5:13 
BUT law ALSO "the strength of sin":1Corinthians 15:56. 
So then, the law is the "strong man" of the house of sin; 
And if bind/loose duality exists, bound devil gets loosed. 
Then, it's not just deceive the elect, but also the nations. 
Further... more: Law is ROOT cause of all dis-ease, both physical & mental (such good + evil being both comfort + dis-comfort); So, beyond many 'state of emergency' cries, and beyond many 'out of control' cries, is even yet another cry: here come the "plagues". (aka the epidemics, and the pandemics) 
Further... more: Beyond Revelation 16's ARM-ageddon (also harm-ageddon in the Hebrew tongue: Law) is also the "great hail", "every stone" of it being about SoccerBall size; For Rev 1:7 promises the result of law, if it shld come with clouds, is ww "wail". 
So then, All this, perhaps aptly described as 
#ClusterFuck
, Could be a-voided by flushing all law (including sacrifice, which is offered by the law; And no man is justified by the law) as dung. 
The ↑grace↑ of our Lord Jesus→↑Christ↑ [be] with you all. Amen.

