---
title: "post 3324"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\May\post_3324.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2024
comments: 3
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T21:32:50.814633
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M---a-------y---2---5,----2---0--24
---

## Content

EVERY MAN [anthropos] vs EVERY MAN [aner] ??
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Let's notice, in Greek, a biblical difference of anthropos & aner:
Romans 3:4 let God be true, but EVERY MAN [anthropos] a liar.
1Cor 11:3 the head of EVERY MAN [aner] is Christ (aka end of law).
Romans 2:1 
thou art inexcusable, O MAN [anthropos], whosever thou art that judgest; for wherein thou (law) judgest another, thou (law) condemnest thyself.
Romans 4:8 
Blessed is the MAN [aner] to whom the Lord will not (law) impute sin (neither to forgive nor to cover up).
Philippians 2:5-11 notes (descending) "Christ Jesus" was made in the likeness of MEN [anthropos: judge-mental liars: Rom 2:1; 3:4]; So,
he humbled himself & became obedient unto death of cross (to end being a servant (not son) & anthropos man (liar). Then God highly exalted him, so at the name of Jesus every knee should bow; AND every tongue should confess (ascending) "Jesus Christ" is Lord to the glory of the Father.
Note: Seems this allegory turns descending Christ Jesus around to re-ascending Jesus Christ, 
perhaps as if to change anthropos man to aner man.
Ephesians 4:13,14 portrays perfect man [aner] as being the fulness of Christ (aka fulness of the end of the law), by being no more children who get tossed to & fro by winds called the doctrines of men [anthropos: judge-mental self-condemning liars: Rom 2:1; 3:4].
1Timothy 2:3-5 notes
God our Saviour will have ALL men [anthropos] saved, AND come unto the knowledge [epignosis: more than gnosis] of the truth.
Then 2:5 notes 
this would include the mediator man [anthropos] "Christ Jesus": mediator "between" God and men [anthropos]. 
Hmmm
Seems we all arrived as anthropos man (all have sinned), then by a process change from anthropos to aner kind of man; Not just from first man Adam to last Adam (second man: is still anthropos), but from as in (1st & last) Adam all die to in Christ [aner] all made alive.
Seems search of 'anthropos' kind of man includes these:
Son of man [anthropos]: in Mt-Acts; but ends in Acts
second man [anthropos]: called last Adam: 1Cor 15:45-47
mediator man [anthropos] Christ Jesus: Phil 2:7 & 1Tim 2:5.
What are your insights about anthropos vs aner kinds of man? 
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

