---
title: "post 0688"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\February\post_0688.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T17:43:47.913347
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WHO KNEW? 
"the law of commandments" Christ abolished in Ephesians 2:15 was Genesis 2:17 = "the law was given by Moses" in John 1:17. For Genesis 2:16+17 is allegory like  grace + law: an oxy-moron if such contrary things (every tree + not every tree) are mingled. 
So then God didn't say both Genesis 2:16+17, for God is not an oxy-moron, aka God is not the [author] of confusion, but of peace: 1Corinthians 14:33. Eg: In 2Tim 3:15,16 KJV 
it reveals God only inspired all "scripture", not plural & contrary "scriptures"; AsIf only the allegoric script-u-are, which is graceful, merciful, peaceful.
Genesis 2:16+17 KJV (allegory Grace + Law; Truth + Lie):
2:16 And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat:
2:17 But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.
John 1:17 KJV: (as if saying Gen 2:17 given by Moses)
For the law was given by Moses, [but] grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 2:15 KJV:
Having abolished in his flesh the enmity, [even] the law of commandments [contained] in ordinances; for to make in himself of twain one new man, [so] making peace;
So then, The only law GIVEN BY MOSES was Gen 2:17, which Christ abolished (flushed as if dung) , to be our peace. For all other law (10 in stone, 613 in ink) was added: Gal 3:19 ... until TheSeed = Christ came & abolished the law = enmity = enemy.
For where no law, there no transgression: Rom 4:15; And in Rom 5;13 it's when no law, then no sin is even imputed, not to punish, nor forgive nor cover up like DiaperBlessed still does in Rom 4:7 of Rom 4:7,8. Yet I thank Jesus I was DiaperBlessed for awhile, till I grew up unto the fulness of the perfect man God's Christ is.
Point: only Gen 2:16+17 qualifies as the (plural and contrary) "commandments" in Eph 2:15, of which Christ abolished "the law of commandments" = abolished Gen 2:17 = the surely die lie, given by Moses (not by God, gives eternal life, not surely die).
For me, flushing Gen 2:17's surely die = lie was like POOF (not PUFF) goes the dragon (enemy) in the biblical narrative, where it notes law = "both good and evil" = BadEnd: evil (reverse of live). Now I have only grace, mercy, peace (not RIP of surely die).

