---
title: "post 3164"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\January\post_3164.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2024
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T19:45:40.849844
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Re: 4 biblical mentions of "ROD OF IRON" rule, 
should readers 
ASS-U-ME it's written about Jesus Christ (grace & truth) ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
What's your insight about these 4 "ROD OF IRON" rule mentions? 
Psalm 2:9
Thou shalt break them with a ROD OF IRON; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel.
Revelation 2:27
And he shall rule them with a ROD OF IRON; as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers: even as I received of my Father.
Revelation 12:5
And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a ROD OF IRON: and her child was caught up unto God, and to his throne.
Revelation 19:15
And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations: and he shall rule them with a ROD OF IRON: and he treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God.
Note: John 1:17 contrast notes: 
The law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ; And John 17:3 notes Jesus Christ (aka grace & truth) is sent by the only true God (cannot lie). 
Yet 
some still ass-u-me "rod of iron" rule is about Jesus Christ (aka about grace and truth), when it seems the opposite: that mention of ROD OF IRON rule is a law term having no mercy, while grace and truth of Jesus Christ is about a merciful God.
The end to endure unto has no mention of rod of iron rule:
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

