---
title: "post 1556"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\September\post_1556.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2018
comments: 2
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:50:33.971808
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ----Aug----ust--2--1,---2-------0------1-8--
---

## Content

Author of Revelation?
Grace, Mercy, and Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
It's easy to ass-u-me John wrote book of Revelation. I did, even after study everything men said about it. But there's  important things about it the Spirit revealed, as to why we should notice & be thankful apostle Paul, not John, authored & hand signed it with his "token" (salutation) of pure grace.
It's 
important to notice apostle Paul quarantines his writings between opening & closing grace; As if the only safe way to look at a deadly virus like law is in a quarantined mode; And as if to thereby give no place at all to devilish law, nor even to law/grace duality in the end, has only mention of pure grace. 
So 
the end, in Rev 22:21 KJV, is notably the token (salutation) of Paul (not John), which Paul always writes with his own hand; As if to thereby reveal Paul (not John) authored Revelation; 
Allegory written & hand (token) signed by Paul, As if 
a spoof on "servant" John got "turned" to what was "behind" him, (as if a dog "turned" back to his own vomit: 2Pet 2:22) aka bwd to "one like Son of man", dressed as OT law priest, with a "two-edged sword" (law vengeance &  punishments) coming out of his mouth, as noted in Rev 1:10-16.
It's why Paul noted, in Hebrews 4:12, the word(logos) of God is "sharper than any two-edge sword"; As if to allegory say Grace is smarter than any 2 beast Law1←law2 in Rev 13.
FYI: John never uses word "revelation"; Paul does 10 times. 
Peter talks as if he'd read it & called it one of Paul's epistles. Peter also gives us a time allegory about it in 2Peter 3:8: 
1day=1000yrs & 1000yrs=1day. So...
Revelation is like a black Sabbath, noted in Amos 5:18: "the day of the LORD is darkness, and not light"; Having "woe" to any who desire such a dark day of such a LORD ; 
And 
Peter (called Satan in Mt 16:23) is bound & loosed after 1000yrs (is 1day) in Rev 20, like at Easter in Acts 12.
So, even Peter helps reveal Paul authored Revelation, as one of Paul's epistles he'd read to help him become 'epistrepho' converted, as noted he would by Jesus in Luke 22:32.
Thereby, 
even an apocalyctic scenario John saw (as if "worst" case scenario in Ezekiel 7:24,25) not only also gets quarantined between opening & closing grace; But has no mention of law at all in the end, only pure grace (of God of all grace):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

