---
title: "post 2831"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\May\post_2831.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T23:43:17.333481
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: -----Ma----y--------1----7-,20--23-
---

## Content

OXFORD KJV Bible has footnotes for Paul's 14 Epistles.
Such footnotes help reveal which is "the epistle from Laodicea".
Such footnotes also reveal Paul is the author of Hebrews.
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Note:
Colossians 4:16 tells saints at Colosse to also read "the epistle from Laodicea"; But only Oxford KJV footnotes reveal which of Paul's epistles is written from Laodicea.
Here's the 14 Oxford KJV footnotes to Paul's Epistles:
Romans 16:27 footnote
Written to the Romans from Corinthus, and sent by Phebe servant of the church at Cenchrea.
1Corinthians 16:24 footnote
The first epistle to the Corinthians was written from Philippi by Stephanas and Fortunatus and Achaicus and Timotheus.
2Corinthians 13:14 footnote
The second epistle to the Corinthians was written from Philippi, a city of Macedonia, by Titus and Lucas.
Galatians 6:18 footnote
To the Galatians written from Rome.
Ephesians 6:24 footnote
To the Ephesians written from Rome, by Tychicus.
Philippians 4:23 footnote
To the Philippians written from Rome, by Epaphroditus.
Colossians 4:18 footnote
Written from Rome to Colossians by Tychicus and Onesimus.
1Thessalonians 5:28 footnote
The first epistle to the Thessalonians was written from Athens.
2Thessalonians 3:18 footnote
The second epistle to the Thessalonians was written from Athens.
1Timothy 6:21 footnote (AHA: it's the epistle from Laodicea)
The first to Timothy was written from Laodicea, which is the chiefest city of Phrygia Pacatiana.
note:
this reveals 1Timothy is "the epistle from Laodicea" in Col 4:16.
2Timothy 4:22 footnote
The second epistle unto Timotheus, ordained the first bishop of the church of the Ephesians, was written from Rome, when Paul was brought before Nero the second time.
Titus 3:15 footnote
It was written to Titus, ordained the first bishop of the church of the Cretians, from Nicopolis of Macedonia.
Philemon 1:25 footnote
Written from Rome to Philemon, by Onesimus a servant.
Hebrews 13:25 footnote
Written to the Hebrews from Italy, by Timothy.
note: 
many still debate about who wrote Hebrews. But by Hebrews  having a KJV footnote, which only KJV occur for Paul's Epistles, it proves Paul is author of Hebrews; 
Also Oxford KJV title for Hebrews said this: The epistle of Paul the apostle to the Hebrews. 
odd thing: modern Nelson KJV does not have the Oxford KJV footnotes, and does not title Hebrews as being by Paul the apostle. 
So, when considering KJV, use the Oxford KJV, which reveals things.
The END to ENDure unto in Revelation 22:21 KJV is only the grace salutation of Paul (never of John), which 2Thessalonians 3:17,18 notes is always written with Paul's "own hand", which suggests Paul may be the pseudo graphical unnamed author of Revelation:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

