---
title: "post 2125"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\May\post_2125.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2021
comments: 4
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:59:16.382045
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M-------ay---1-9,--2---0--------2-1
---

## Content

THROUGH Jesus→Christ (allegory as through twain to one)
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
THROUGH Jesus→Christ seems to allegorize fwd through Jesus mode (Mt-Acts) to Christ mode (Rom→fwd). Why?
Jesus was only Saviour of Israel. Christ is Saviour of the world.
Jesus mode was twain: old & new. Christ mode is one: all new.
Jesus was twain called: "Master, master". Christ is one: "Master".
Jesus was Son of man & Son of God. Christ is only Son of God.
So, for the gospel of "Christ" in Romans→forward there is NO more mention of Son of man, ONLY Son of God.
THROUGH Jesus→Christ occurs 13x from Rom 1:8 to 1Pet 4:11. (Rom 1:8; 5:1; 5:11; 6:11; 6:23; 7:25; 15:17; 16:27; 1Cor 15:57; Gal 3:14; Tit 3:6; Heb 13:21; 1Pet 4:11). Here's a few notable:
Romans 5:1 Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God THROUGH our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Romans 5:11 And not only so, but we also joy in God THROUGH our Lord Jesus→Christ by whom we have now received the atONEment.
Romans 6:11 Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God THROUGH Jesus→Christ our Lord.
Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life THROUGH Jesus→Christ our Lord.
Romans 16:27 To God only wise, be glory THROUGH Jesus→Christ for ever. Amen.
1Cor 15:57 But thanks [charis] be to God, which giveth us the victory THROUGH our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Hebrews 13:21 Make you perfect in every good work to do his will, working in you that which is well-pleasing in his sight, THROUGH Jesus→Christ; to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
This post is not to diminish a highly exalted name of Jesus, nor to ignore 2 mentions of THROUGH Christ→Jesus (Eph 2:7; Phil 4:7); But 
to focus forward as clarified in John 3:17 God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world THROUGH him might be saved ... then in John 20:31 it noted Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life THROUGH his name ... THROUGH Jesus→Christ is end of law for righteousness.
What are your insights about THROUGH Jesus→Christ?   
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ be with you all. Amen.

