---
title: "post 0257"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\November\post_0257.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-09T20:01:39.354367
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

REASONS FOR SO MANY BIBLICAL UPGRADES:
Son of man=anthropos=
#liar
: Romans 3:4; 
So we 
#UpGrade
 from 2SonsJesus to 1SonChrist 
#thru
 J→C. 
God 
cannot 
#lie
: Num23:19 has 
#ONLY
 1Son: Jn 3:16; Heb 1:2. 
So we UpGrade 
from Jesus = Master, master: Lk 8:24 
to Christ = Master = one: Mt 23:10, 
because no man can serve two masters: Mt 6:24,
such as grace + law = both salvation + damnation.
Even two resurrections is one too many; For
resurrection of life + resurrection of damnation,
is like unto both grace + law being resurrected.
So because CJ = mediator man=anthropos=liar is not of one, but God is one: Galatians 3:20; We UpGrade from CJ = BetterLaw to JC = Grace and Truth. It is why Hebrews begins with CJ, but ends with JC. Only JC = the same: yesterday, and to day, and for ever.
Yet because even JC of one man vs one man in Romans 5 is also still anthropos, and because even Adam2 of Adam1 & Adam2 are both anthropos in 1Corinthians 15:47; And because 1Cor 15:52's final changed is 3rdOf3, not just 2ndOf2; We UpGrade from anthropos man to aner man thru Jesus Christ, to be InChrist. For the head of every aner man is Christ = the end of the law, not just the mend of the law; And reconciling the world to God is done in Christ, because only Christ is Saviour of the world (Jesus is only Saviour of Israel).
Yet because even TheTruth is NotYet the AllTruth,
we also UpGrade more: through Christ God-ward;
For even in Christ mode there are FalseChrists.
UpGrade + UpGrade + UpGrade unto AllTruth.

