---
title: "post 2638"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\January\post_2638.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T18:26:55.390654
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

KJV MYSTERY: 
Why DOUBLE (Big, little) "Verily, verily" [Amen, amen] only in John?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Spirit helped me see there's Double (Big, little) "Verily, verily" only in John, and in Greek it means 'Amen, amen'. Then...
Spirit helped me notice such "Verily, verily" being double Big, little is allegory similar to these seven double Big, little mentions:
"Amen, amen": Numbers 5:22.
"My God, my God": Ps 22:1; Mt 27:46; Mk 15:34.
"Grace, grace": Zechariah 4:7.
"Woe, woe": Mt 11:21.
"Master, master": Mk 14:45; Lk 8:24.
"Crucify him, crucify him": Lk 23:21; Jn 19:6; Jn 19:15.
"Alas, alas": Revelation 18:10,16,19.
Re 1st Amen: Num 5:22 notes a Dble (Big, little) "Amen, amen" that "woman" shall say to being both Blessed, cursed by a law priest. Jesus called his mother "woman" 2x in John. Hmmm...
Re dble Big, little "My God, my God" quoted from Ps 22:1, saying why have you forsaken me; it's said at ninth hour in a "loud voice". There was darkness from 6th to 9th hour. Perhaps said in a loud voice allegory means a law voice? Hmmm...
Re dble Big, little "Grace, grace" in Zec 4:7 it's headstone shoutings. Hmmm...
Re dble Big, little "Woe (Chorazin), woe (Bethsaida)" seems it's said as a threat of law judgment [krisis] to cities where healings done. Perhaps by Son of man, who healed & threatened harm. Hmmm...
Re Jesus being called double Big, little "Master, master", it's by the Judas kiss in Mk 14:45, and by disciples in Lk 8:24; Perhaps as if to portray he's "two (many) masters" & last of twain a little master. Seems why in Mt 23:8,10 it twice notes "one" is your (Big) "Master": "Christ" (not Rabbi nor masters). Hmmm... 
Re dble Big, little "Crucify him, crucify him" & "Away with him, away with him": John 19:15, such were cried by Jews & law priests in loud voices (perhaps law voices?). Hmmm...
Rev 18:10,16,19 thrice says Dble (Big, little) "Alas, alas" [Woe, woe] regarding that great city, allegory called Babylon, being twice fallen: is fallen, is fallen. Hmmm...
Dble (Big, little) "Verily, verily" [Amen, amen] being only in John (Mt, Mk, Lk say "Verily") is what got me to notice other Dble (Big, little) mentions. Also...
only in John, Jesus revealed in John 5:25-29 that when he's still 2 Sons: twain: both Son of God & Son of man, he still had 2 voices, saying both "live" & "judgment [krisis] also", even 2 resurrections: resurrection of "life" & resurrection of "damnation" = bad end. 
Seems why there's NO mention of Son of man, ONLY Son of God for the gospel of "Christ" in Romans → forward, and called being through our Lord Jesus → Christ, allegory as if through his 2 Sons Jesus mode (Mt - Acts) to his 1 Son Christ mode (Rom fwd). Hmmm...
What are your insights about this Dble (Big, little) mystery?
Note: The last Amen, in Rev 22:21 KJV, is only Big, and only singular, unto the grace salutation of Paul (not John):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

