---
title: "post 3350"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\June\post_3350.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T22:54:42.565991
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"CHRIST JESUS" and "JESUS CHRIST".
Is there a biblical difference to notice?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Title: The New Testament of our Lord and Saviour JESUS CHRIST.
Therein the term CHRIST JESUS also occurs, but ONLY from Acts 19:4 to 1Peter 5:14, and ONLY by Paul 55x & 1Peter 2x. 
So, 11 of 27 NT books have NO mention of CHRIST JESUS.
As if in contrast: JESUS CHRIST occurs about 196x from Matthew 1:1 to Revelation 22:21, in every NT book, by every NT writer.
In Acts, after Saul becomes Paul (Acts 13), then as Paul he also goes through another change: from CHRIST JESUS in Acts 19:4 to JESUS CHRIST in Acts 28:31.
Then, 
in Romans forward, 
for the gospel of "Christ" through JESUS → CHRIST,
Paul first clarifies he's the apostle of JESUS CHRIST,
and
also always turns CHRIST JESUS mention around to JESUS CHRIST in all epistles, including Hebrews, wherein 
Hebrews 3:1 & 8:1 CHRIST JESUS is new "high priest" (of law), able to make a change of the law (Heb 7:12, as noted in Mt 5:43,44).
Then, 
turning CHRIST JESUS about to JESUS CHRIST,
Hebrews 13:8 clarifies:
JESUS CHRIST the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.
Paul's holy kiss greetings say:
Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord JESUS CHRIST. 
Then, in 1Timothy 1:2
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and JESUS CHRIST our Lord.
Then, in 2Timothy 2:1
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and CHRIST JESUS our Lord.
Romans 8:1 notes 
There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in CHRIST JESUS who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.
1Corinthians 1:1-4 notes 
the grace given to them in CHRIST JESUS is by JESUS CHRIST.
For,
John 1:17 noted grace and truth came by JESUS CHRIST, sent from the only true God, to give eternal life (John 17:1-4), that was promised by God cannot lie before the foundation of the world.
While 1Timothy 1:15 says CHRIST JESUS came into the world to save sinners, it is interesting to notice the term Saviour seems to only occur for JESUS CHRIST, and Christ of Jesus → Christ.
1Peter 5:10 says this
But the God of all grace (aka no law at all), who hath called us unto his eternal glory by CHRIST JESUS, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you.
Then,
1Peter 5:14 has last mention of CHRIST JESUS:
Greet ye one another with a kiss of charity [agape 2 in KJV). Peace be with you all that are in CHRIST JESUS. Amen.
The End Jesus said to ENDure unto to be saved (only, by grace only) in Mt 24:13 & Mk 13:13, as if then not both saved and destroyed after by OT LORD law, but saved only by grace only, 
is notably 
only the grace salutation of Paul (never of John), which Paul thrice noted he always wrote it with his own hand, as in 2Thess 3:17,18:
Revelation 22:21 KJV
The grace of our Lord JESUS CHRIST be with you all. 
Amen.

