---
title: "post 2047"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\November\post_2047.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:08:27.522014
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -Augu-----s--t-1-,---2-----0-----2-----0-
---

## Content

Let's investigate a God (mode) above "God hath forgiven you"; By "God in the highest" (of high, higher, highest) doesn't even think evil (aka law, reverse of live) even exists to forgive?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
In 1Cor 13:5 KJV "charity" (a "more excellent way", as a higher 'agape' than love) "thinketh no evil". Thereby "charity never faileth" in 1Cor 13:8. In Col 3:12-15 charity can be new 
man put on even above forgiving, which is 8th, above 7. 
Eg: 
8 charity: bond of perfectness (above all these)
7 forgiving one another
6 forbearing one another
5 lonsuffering
4 meekness
3 humbleness of mind
2 kindness
1 bowels of mercicies
This aspect of 8th, above 7, firstly occured in Eph 4:4-6.
Eg:
8 Father of all, who is above all & through all & in you all.
7 one God
6 one baptism
5 one faith
4 one Lord
3 one hope
2 one Spiriit
1 one body
This aspect of 8th, above 7, occurs again in 2Peter 1:5-11.
Eg: 
8 charity
7 brotherly kindness
6 godliness
5 patience
4 temperance (9th fruit of Spirit from Gal 5:21,22)
3 knowledge
2 virtue
1 your faith
Seems this 8th mode, above forgiving, describes God of all grace (no law at all) as God is light (having no darkness at all).
Interesting details of allegoric mystery to notice, ponder, discuss.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

