---
title: "post 0465"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2015\June\post_0465.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2015
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-10T02:54:28.963930
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Nobody should have immortality if even one person has to die.
~Justin Timberlake, in the 2011 sci-fi movie called 'IN TIME'.
Hmmm... Hebrews 4:16 said AND find grace to help "IN TIME".
Hmmm... 2Cor 5:14 said constrained required prior to reconciled,
because we thus judge, that if one died for all, then were all dead.
To make this topic interesting, here's a Bishop Spong Q & A:
Q: Allan Hytowitz from the Internet writes to Bishop Spong: 
"How do you personally, and Christian doctrine in particular, reconcile the contradiction of that biblical prohibition against child sacrifice with the claim that "God sacrificed his child" in explaining the horrific death of Jesus? It seems to me that rather than the "sacrifice of Jesus" being of benefit to Christians, it serves more to threaten them with death and/or eternal punishment if they are not obedient to the wishes and decrees of the Church." 
A: Bishop Spong answers in his e-news letter: Dear Allan, 
"I think you have hit the Christological nail right on the head. The whole "sacrifice" mentality that permeates Christian theology needs to be raised to consciousness and expelled from Christianity. However, it is so deep that many feel that Christianity will die if it is ever separated from this idea".
Hmmm ... Galatians 3:11 says no man is justified BY THE LAW,
and Hebrews 10:8 says sacrifice offered for sin is BY THE LAW.
Bible defines itself as "allegory" in both "covenants": Gal 4:22-24.
Bible defines itself as "mystery" over 20 times in New Testament.
So it reasons Bible defines itself as an allegoric mystery to solve.
Hmmm...I will have mercy, not sacrifice, has another meaning.
So JC said God said, to the $ick: Go & learn what such means.
Every good mystery has lots of twists, right up to the very end;
So we ought not judge anything until all the evidence is heard.
Problem is, modern bibles even remove Christ from their end.
So there's more to the mystery than what modern bibles say.
One thing many Bible readers seem to miss, or ignore, is this: 
It is finished, in John 19:30 = 2nd finished = place, if a race.
John 17:4 says the work the Only True God gave JC to do,
got finished before the cross.1st finished the g-race = win.

