---
title: "post 1448"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\April\post_1448.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:14:24.933049
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Knowledge(s): who knew there was both:
- higher 'epignosis' knowledge of our Lord JC, to know, after
- lower 'gnosis' knowledge of our Lord JC, shall fade away.
I didn't, until led of the Spirit to look in greek, to notice it. 
Why?
So 
then the Spirit led me on a learning journey, to learn:
- in 1Cor 13:8 KJV, it notes when it comes to a more excellent way, called "charity" (higher 'agape' than "love"), which never fails, then our 'gnosis' knowledge we had shall "vanish away". 13:11 notes it's like put away child-ish knowledge to be man.
- in Ephesians 4:13-15 it's knowledge(epignosis) of the Son of God (not Son of man, nor both Son of God + Son of man), which helps us "be no more children", aka "grow up", unto the "fulness" of the perfect "man" Christ (is the end of our flaw). 
- in 1Timothy 2:4a&b it notes God our Saviour will have all men ('anthropos': judge-mental liar in Rom 2:1; 3:4) saved, and come to the knowledge('epignosis') of the truth (so it's like an upgrade to higher knowledge, after first saved, like upgraded from 'anthropos' man to 'aner' man in greek).
- for in Rom 5:10a&b it noted we first get reconciled to God by the death of his Son, then notes we (also) get "much more" saved by his "life" (than first saved by a death). 
- so in James 1:5-8 it notes even an 'aner' man can still be un-stable if still double-minded; So we should stop being law/grace double-minded, to ask, in faith, higher God (who does not even upbraid), for His higher wisdom. 
Why?
Seems if not, He may still ignore our request, and not yet give a Heb 6:1-3 permit to go on up higher unto perfection. 
Why?
Seems the reason is, if still double-minded, we might bring some leaven (partiality & hypocrisy) into his higher heaven; Allegory as if bring both death/life into his eternal life mode.
So 
higher 'epignosis' knowledge helps us to stop thinking evil (reverse of live), and also helps our mouth to stop talking of decease isn't perfect peace.  
What an interesting learning journey this has been for me.

