---
title: "post 2105"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\April\post_2105.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2021
comments: 11
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:52:18.945504
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Insight ABOUT Revelation:
The LAST VERSE (aka the end) is the salutation of Paul, not John.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
When search for other bible mentions of Revelation 22:21 (last verse: end) it reveals it's only the salutation of Paul (never of John). eg: Rom 16:24,  Phil  4:23, 2Thess 3:18. It's also thrice noted by Paul that he always writes his (grace) salutation with his own hand. 
Rom 
16:24; Phil 4:23; 2Thess 3:18; = Revelation 22:21
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen."
2Thess 3:17,18 (one of 3 times Paul says it's with his own hand)
17 The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle; so I write,
18 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
So, perhaps it may allegory sign-ify Paul wrote book of Revelation as a spoof on John getting "turned" (Rev 1:10-12) to what was calling from "behind" him; Which 2Pet 2:22 says happened like the true proverb said, that a dog is "turned" (back) to his own vomit.
Title: The Revelation (uncovering) of St. John The Divine.
(aka the uncovering of a saint named John thought to be divine)
Seems why there's idioms for John such as toilet, johnny law, etc.
Seems what John had written to angels (stars, ministers) of seven churches of Asia (later called Galatia) may have been not only what, but also reveals "who" (Gal 3:1) bewitched the churches of Galatia (Asia), which Acts 20:4 noted Paul & seven firstly established.  
Seems John may have been the allegoric "thorn" in Paul's flesh; And when Paul thrice prayed it be removed (aka John be killed) he's told my grace is sufficient (stop asking him to law); But if Paul wrote Revelation, perhaps it's like an allegoric gotcha on John for bewitching churches with law that Paul established in grace.
Perhaps, based on this evidence of the last verse being only the salutation of Paul (never John) and always written by Paul's own hand, then gives evidence to an early date (pre AD70) of writing, instead of the traditional late date of AD96.
What are your insights or opinions of such things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

