---
title: "post 1314"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\December\post_1314.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:38:53.672694
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

God? NT also has "God" vs "God" contrasts, as if to allegory help us contrast Law (good+evil) vs Grace (good only). Eg: Let's look at "God" in Rom 11:22...
The "God" Paul portrays in Romans 11:18-22 KJV to "behold", is allegory as still beholding OT Law (as both nice + nasty)... 
For 
this "God" portrayed has both "goodness and severity"; Yet even "goodness" thereof is conditional (only "if" you're good), and id not always good, then 
with it can come "severity" = "spare not" = "cut off". Ouch.
So this "God" (law) is both nice + nasty, and even his nice is conditional.
Interesting thing Spirit revealed to me about NT "goodness" is there's 2 kinds hidden in greek mode to find & contrast: 'chrestotes' & 'agathosyne', as if conditional law "goodness" & unconditional grace "goodness";
and such
NT "goodness" occurs 9 times, but in a 5/4 ratio as 1st/last.
Wow. I would never have thought to notice, if not for Spirit.
Seems a reason Spirit got me to search goodness & notice, was to also reveal this:
such 5/4 ratio may also allegory occur with 9 fruit of Spirit, 
for
grace "goodness" ('agathosyne') is 6th fruit, after the 5th.
For 5th (notably in midst of 9 fruit), called "gentleness", is still 'chrestotes', which is conditional kind of law God goodness.
Again, I would never have thought to notice, if not for Spirit.
What's the POINT? 
Perhaps this, in Galatians 5:18-23 KJV:
We not only need to be "led of the Spirit", to then be "not under the law"; But also beyond 5th fruit of Spirit, to then have unconditional "goodness" of grace God, which leads us onward to "temperance" (self-control) is then "no law", as if only then no longer child-ish, then no need to be commanded by any laws.

