---
title: "post 1229"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\August\post_1229.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2017
comments: 22
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:13:49.618308
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Saul/Paul? WHACKY things about "Paul"; Before he becomes writer of more NT than all other NT writers combined: 
1st: his name change from Saul to Paul is not until Acts 13. So
- NOT in Acts 9, when Saul gets blinded by Jesus' light, then receives his sight, at Damascus; 
- NOR yet in Acts 11, where he's still Saul when they were first called "Christians" at Antioch; 
- 
NOR Acts 13:11 when as "Saul", he blinds someone else;
- But in Acts 13:13 name change from Saul to Paul occurs...
Yet, even when "Paul", he still does some WHACKY things:
- as Paul, later in Acts, he still tells two stories of his Damascus road experience that do NOT agree.
- in Acts 19:4 KJV Paul said what comes after the baptism of John for repentance is "Christ Jesus", NOT "Jesus Christ": As still speaking by a "Holy Ghost", NOT [yet] "Spirit of truth"... 
POINT: NO mention of "Christ Jesus" prior to Acts 19:4, NOR after 1Peter 5, wherein "suffer" in "Christ Jesus" mode ends, by be made (of created/made) more perfect, then by "the God of all grace" (not better law, nor both law/grace). 
In epistles of Paul he always clarifies he's now a JC (of CJ/JC), and when writing unto "them" in CJ, always turns CJ around to JC, to end epistles with Grace... 
CJ mode is still only mediation of better law of a "better covenant", by "Jesus" being "change of the law" (Mt 5:43,44...Heb 7:12), from OT law to NT better law, for "them" (Israel) in Mt-Acts, as new High Priest of an OT LORD (not God); So even though better law, Not [yet] "grace" of "God", Nor [yet] "gospel" of "God" in Paul's gospel of "Christ", is then "of Christ" THROUGH our Lord "Jesus Christ". For that "Christ" is "the end of the law", not just mend of the law ...
For clarity, Paul was still a CJ himself in Acts, noted in Galatians 2, where 14 yrs later he went again to Jerusalem, with Barnabas & Titus, to share with apostles what he was preaching to Gentiles; But his "liberty" in CJ, as freedom from OT law, prevented him & Titus from being being circumcised. In Gal 2:7 he contrasts gospel of circumcision of Peter to his gospel of uncircumcision.
SO even when Paul, he still needs to get turned around, from "Christ Jesus" mode of still preaching the Lord "Jesus" in Acts, to "Jesus Christ" in Romans, where it's then the gospel of "Christ" of THROUGH our Lord "Jesus Christ". 
Even in Romans 1:1, Paul notes he's still only a "servant" of "Jesus Christ", called to be-come an "apostle", to then be separated unto the "gospel" of "God" (not of OT LORD). 
Then in Romans 1:7 he "holy kiss" greets all that be in Rome with "Grace to you,and peace", notably from "God" our Father (not LORD), and the Lord "Jesus Christ" (not Christ Jesus).
Then in Romans 1:16 Paul clarifies his gospel is now the "gospel of Christ", later noting 8 times in Romans it's THROUGH our Lord Jesus Christ, to then be in Christ (the end of the law), as how we have "peace" with "God". 
It's then 1SonChrist is our permanent peace, not just temporal peace of 2SonsJesus, that can later get taken away, by not upgrade to that Christ of through our Lord Jesus - Christ... 
For Jesus had said he'd neither give nor send peace: Mt 10:34 & Lk 12:51, but came to bring "division"; And in Luke 13:32 said he was not [yet] perfected. So in John 7:43 it notes there was "division" (not peace) "because of him". 
Even peace spoken to apostles by resurrected Jesus was not [yet] perfected peace; For in Mk 16:14-16 a resurrected Jesus still "upbraided" them & said saved or damned=BadEnd... 
As if Son of man's reversal of damned/saved. When only Son of God, not also Son of man, then only all saved. So beyond Acts no mention of Son of man, only Son of God. For God will have all saved, and fully aware via JC's 'epignosis' truth.
Seems why, in John 16:7-13, Jesus said he had to "go away", so the "Spirit of truth" (not Holy Ghost) would be sent, and "guide" you into "all truth", as if then more than "the truth"; Like 'epignosis" is yet more than 'gnosis' knowledge of JC.
Yet for clarity, in Romans 8, even for "them" in "Christ Jesus", who only first get made "free" of OT law by NT better law (law2 of law1/law2 in Rom 8:2, where law2 is not yet grace), he notes there's unconditional "love" of "God" to them; Also "grace" given them, but it's by "Jesus Christ", in 1Cor 1:1-3.
So when JC Paul writes to them in CJ, doesn't condemn (law), but greets them with Grace & peace from God & JC, also gives positive praise, to edify them (saints in CJ still needing perfecting: Eph 4:12), so they'll then hear he's ministering the grace of God (not just better law of OT LORD); And so they'll continue to grow in grace and in truth, to also upgrade from CJ to JC, as he did, to then be-come the apostle of Grace. 
For "all who will godly in CJ shall suffer": 2Tim 3:12 KJV; till made more perfect than before, by "the God of all grace" = "after": 1Pet 5:10 KJV, to end "suffer" a while in CJ, by then also be made of created/made. For in Eph 2:10, "created" in CJ, to walk in "them" = "before", of before/after. 
Seems why Paul mentions two kinds of THROUGH:
- firstly THROUGH our Lord Jesus Christ, to be in that Christ,
- then also THROUGH Christ God-ward to be fully reconciled
For 2Cor 5:19 KJV notes "that God" was in "Christ" (of through Jesus-Chirst, is then the end of the law), reconciling the world to himself (the God of all grace) ; So no trespass imputed to "them", because then it's all grace = no law at all.
It reasons why the Lord is longsuffering to "us-ward".
Hope that FYI rant, about Paul, made some sense to CJs.

