---
title: "post 1909"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\February\post_1909.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:14:10.234358
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -Jan------u-----a-ry-----1-----2,------2-02---0
---

## Content

If Jesus Mt 24:12 law←flaw said the love of many shall wax "cOLD"←>LukeWarm--Hot, and POTUS Trump-ets lets be "Great"←>Greater→Greatest; Let's go→fwd to 3rd of 3.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Bible gives examples of 3 things & allegorizes if remain 2/3 of 3, as LukeWarm, it may get drawn←bwd, as if to perdition. So let's notice examples of 3 things & go→on unto 3rd of 3:
John 
14:6 has 3 things, wherein even the truth is only 2/3 of 3:
I am = the way(1/3), the truth(2/3), and the life(3/3).
Romans 8:2 notes CJ's get made free of OT law by NT law of the Spirit; But Law2 thereeof is still only 2/3 of 3: OTLaw1←>NTLaw2→NTGrace.
Romans 12:2b has 3 things to also prove after mind renewal:
good(1/3), and acceptable(2/3), and perfect(3/3) will of God.
1Cor 13 KJV uses charity, not love, as greatest of 3 things:
faith(1/3: great), hope(2/3: greater), charity(3/3: greatest of 3).
1Cor 14:3 notes all 3, of 3 things, should be spoke unto men:
edification(1/3), and exhortation(2/3), and comfort(3/3). 
1Cor 15:22-47 cleverly reveals (in greek) how all made alive in Christ is even 3rd of 3: Adam1←>Adam2→Christ. For this reason: Rom 3:4 said every anthropos man a liar:
Adam1=anthropos, Adam2=anthropos, Christ=aner.
Paul uses 3: "under" law←>"under" grace→"with" grace. So Awares Galatians bewitched bwd to under law←under grace.
3 biblical life modes are noted, but only 1 being 3rd of 3:
OT everlasting life←>NT life everlasting→NT eternal life.
All UnSaved←>All Saved→All Saved AND fully Awared.
Interesting "mystery" details to notice for our awareness sake.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

