---
title: "post 1695"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\April\post_1695.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:35:35.435768
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
"God of the living"? humble review of mystery clues Spirit helped me allegory see to be more aware what that God is.
Clue: Mt 22:32; Mk 12:17; Lk 20:38. He's the God of Abraham (not Abram), and of Isaac (not Ishmael), and of Jacob (not Israel). So he's not a God of the dead, but God of the living; For all live unto him. (allegory: not Law, but Grace; not sacrifice, 
but mercy; so not confusion, but peace).
Clue: Amos 5:18... Lk 11:35. The day [light] of the LORD (Yehovah) is darkness, and not light (allegory: is law, not grace)... Take heed therefore, that the light in thee be not darkness (allegory: that the grace in thee be not lawed).
Clue: Jn 4:24. God is a Spirit (allegory: not a Ghost), and to be worshipped in spirit & truth (allegory: not in fleshy beLIEves).
Clue: Jn 17:3. "the only true God" (not both false/true, but "only true"), and Jesus Christ (grace & truth) thou hast sent.
Clue: 2Cor 1:3. God of "all comfort" (not discomfort, nor both discomfort first then comfort after like plural law/grace God).
Clue: Tit 1:2. God, that "cannot lie", promised "eternal life".
Clue: Heb 1:3,13. Not Majesty = enemies (not peace) on right.
Clue: Heb 10:31. Not the (hebraic) living God (aka living Law) who's plural "hands" called "fearful" & "fall" = fallen from grace.
Clue: Jam 1:5. God who "upbraideth not" (differs from Jesus of Nazareth "upbraided" both before & after cross (Mk 16:14).
Clue: 1Pet 5:10. God of "all grace" (no law, nor law/grace, but above duality) who makes you (of ye/you) perfect (kartatizo).
Clue: 1Jn 1:5. That God is light, and in him there is no darkness at all.
The grace (God) of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen

