---
title: "post 3443"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\August\post_3443.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T00:57:25.813796
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

THROUGH 2 Sons Jesus →1 Son Christ 
= peace, eternal life, victory, all things new,
by no mention of Son of man beyond Acts.
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Let's notice Jesus is portrayed as 2 Sons: 
both Son of man and Son of God in Matthew → Acts;
But 
Beyond Acts, where no more mention of Son of man,
it's then only 1 Son & then called the gospel of "Christ".
Then it's 
Grace (not law) to you, and peace (not confusion),
from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Such is then good news, not both good & bad news.
Such is then all things new, not both old & new.
For then it's end of law, by dispensation of grace.
So, it reasons 
by having no mention of Son of man beyond Acts,
it thereby nullifies previous THREATS re Son of man:
- of everlasting punishment [kolasis: torment]; Mt 25:46,
- of destroy them all (as Noah & Lot days): Luke 17:26-30.
- of (law) judgment [krsis]: John 5:27.
So, people should not look for Son of man coming with clouds, which could then cause global (all tribes, all kindreds)
- "mourn" [kopto]: Matthew 24:30, 
- "wail" [kopto]: Revelation 1:7,
 not rejoice.
Let's go through Jesus → Christ to be "in Christ",
to then have:
peace with God through Jesus→Christ: Romans 5:1,
gift of eternal life through Jesus→Christ: Rom 6:23,
God given victory through Jesus→Christ.
The grace of our Lord Jesus → Christ be with you all. 
Amen.

