---
title: "post 1654"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\February\post_1654.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:20:51.283037
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Because of him? Why does this phrase twice note negatives about Jesus? There was division (not peace) among the people "because of him": John 7:43 ... all kindreds of the earth shall wail (not rejoice) "because of him": Revelation 1:7. Let's investigate.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Seems a reason this phrase "because of him" notes negative instead of positive things about Jesus is what Jesus 
revealed about himself in John 5:25-29: that when he was still 2 Sons: Son of God (NT) & Son of man (OT also), he had 2 voices:
- Son of God voice said only "live" (as if only grace), and
- Son of man voice said "judgment also" (as if law also).
So resurrection of life & resurrection of damnation (also). 
Seems, when 2 Sons = 2 voices, it's both good & bad news, like in Matthew 12:37 his justified & condemned ends bad. Seems Jesus is 2Sons = 2voices in Matthew→Acts, Until...
Beyond Acts there's NO more mention of Son of man, ONLY Son of God. So then in Romans→fwd it's only good news: Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ; And then called the gospel of "Christ" (1 Son), of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ" we have peace with God.
So then, it was Son of man Jesus whose "judgment also" voice said the bad news things and threatened to come again like in days of Noe and Sodom where it was destroy them all, except a few. In contrast Son of God Jesus said he did not come to destroy, and would not accuse you to the Father.
So, negative things "because of him" refers to Son of man. Seems then, the point of this biblical info is to help us put away the Son of man, and thereby have only the Son of God is only and always nice, never also nasty like Son of man.
Seems why, in Revelation, it portrays an apocalypse when John gets "turned" to what's "behind" him, being "one like Son of man" dressed as an OT law priest, with a two-edged sword coming out his mouth, which in Ps 149:6,7 executes law vengeance and punishments (not grace and mercy).
So let's put away Son of man & bad things "because of him".
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus→Christ" [be/is] with you all. Amen.

