---
title: "post 1500"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\June\post_1500.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:35:28.853194
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --M-a-y----------------7,-20--18
---

## Content

2Cor 3:6-15 reasons law had "no glory". How? By law, WAS 2 ministrations: death & condemnation being "done away" x2, Replaced with 2 ministrations of grace: spirit & righteousness, which so "much more" excelleth in grace glory, it's to the point law had "no glory" at all, as if then not even a "was". Why? So law no longer even perceived a "was". Why? If law still "was", it may later be a "was, but is not, yet is": 2 beasts in Rev. 
So 
then, it reasons (by led of Spirit of grace & truth):
law was Not fuliflled, but "done away" x2. For fulfill law would be like fulfill extinction (all dead) instead of salvation (all alive).
It's perhaps why JC (grace & truth) allegory said:
- I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill (aka fill all with grace & truth till all thought of law = destruction put away): Mt 5:17.
- He is not God of the dead (law), but of the living (grace).
For me, after humbly ask God for His wisdom, it was as Spirit led out of all law (both OT law of Moses & NT better law of Jesus: was still only "change of the law" to NT better law, Not yet "Christ is the end of the law" for righteousness).
Not shared to speak against the law, but rather share how I  became aware law's not even a "was", when "done away" x2. So I no longer give place to law "was, but is not, yet is". It's all done away, in my renewed mind of Grace, mercy, peace to all.

