---
title: "post 1691"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\April\post_1691.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:34:47.105119
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
ON EARTH? What(?) happened, that 2,000 yrs after Lk 2:14's "Glory to God in the highest, and ON EARTH peace, good will toward men", even after true of false/true Y2Ks, not yet ON EARTH peace reported third day of AD; But "worst"←BC scenarios + "death" tolls in news & weather. It poses a question: how does bwd←BC occur in fwd→AD? Seems by "mystery" twists we 
missed in biblical story.
Seems if not say nay to book hook of Moses: "in the beginning" (nay b/c eternal life reality has no begin nor end), get learning journey simulated to flesh ON EARTH, and after Horeb-bull OT, Jesus NT comes to allegory say: hey, if began mystery, it requires "endure unto the end" to be saved. But
For a shocking mystery twist, even when endure unto the end, in Revelation 22:21, modern bibles have removed "Christ" from the end. OMG.
Some will say no matter, Peter said Jesus is Christ; But in the story, after that, Jesus called Peter "Satan": Mt 16. In Jn 3:14 Son of man Jesus calls himself a "serpent". In nice + nasty Acts, Jesus only Saviour of Israel. Christ is Saviour of world. For Jesus was only mend of law, But Christ is end of the law. So Paul Rom 5:1 notes we have peace with God thru J→C.
Col 3 advises if risen with "Christ", sitteth on the right hand of "God" (aka higher than where Jesus sat down on right hand of "Majesty" on "high", in Heb 1:3,13 where there he still had "enemies" to be made his footstool, so not yet peace); Then set your affection on things above, not ON EARTH. Col 3:14 notes another above that's even above forgiving. Seems why is Lk 2:14 had said God in "highest", not high nor higher. So  
If rewind, to re-read Lk 2:11→14, a Saviour is "Christ" then resulted in saying ON EARTH peace; For Jesus, in Lk 12:51, still said Nay peace, but division. Jn 7:43 notes still division (not peace) because of him. The gospel of "Christ" is thru Jesus→Christ to be "in Christ" in Rom→fwd. To wit, that God was in "Christ" reconciling the world: 2Cor 5:19.
So remove Christ from the end gives place to continue Jesus new + old mode as 2Sons says "live" + "judgment also" by 2Voices: NT Son of God + OT Son of man in Jn 5:25-29; As why no Son of man, only Son of God (1Son) beyond Acts. 
In Christ (1Son) all things new (not new+old): 2Cor 5:17.
Eph 2:15 notes he'd abolished the law, to be our peace.
So remove Christ also gives place for OT bwd←BC stuff to manifest in fwd→AD as if drawback to ill side of ill-u-sion. It explains how news & weather report "worst" scenarios, as word "worst" only Bible occurs once in Ezekiel 7:24←OT. 
Although I agree with ppl saying it's only a story, not our eternal LIFE reality has no begin, end, nor duality; Yes. But if things manifest by modern bibles remove Christ from end; Then for biblical story I like KJV end doesn't remove Christ:
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

