---
title: "post 3640"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2025\January\post_3640.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2025
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T20:22:03.286175
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

REVELATION...
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
The word "revelation" [Greek: apokalypsis: fem noun] means: 
to 
UNcover what's covered or hid, and to reveal (not accuse).
Seems a LOT of UnCovering (revelation) happening now, especially when looking at the alternative media and social networks; 
Eg: Luke 12:2 KJV 
"there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; 
neither hid, that shall not be known". 
Seems many UnCoverings are not just the usual $candal, but now UnCoverings in every aspect of society, including bogus history, NASA lies, conspiracy hoaxes, false flags, corrupt politics, science, media, even things about religious & spiritual leaders of multiple faiths. 
Yet, 
it seems an ELEPHANT in the room is still being ignored; And perhaps this ELEPHANT is called 'Rule of Law' & OT 'Justice'; Both still being used to spread Fear among a general populace who haven't yet learned "Law" worketh "Wrath" (Romans 4:15) is NOT what God appointed us unto (Eph 4:31; 1Thess 5:9):
Romans 4:15 KJV
Because the LAW WORKETH WRATH: for where no law is, there is no transgression.
Ephesians 4:32 KJV
Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking, be put away from you, with all malice:
1Thessalonians 5:9 KJV
For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ,
And "justice" is only an OT bible word NEVER used in NT KJV. 
note:
the word "justice" last occurs in Ezekiel 45:9 KJV
Perhaps when (not if) such an ELEPHANT is realized among the people, we may all move forward to "on earth peace" noted about "Christ" in Luke 2. 
For "Christ" of "through Jesus→Christ" is "the end of the law", not just the OT/NT "change of the law" which Jesus was, when first made under the law (Matthew 5:43,44, Galatians 4:4, Hebrews 7:12).
So, TheEnd to ENDure unto is NOT 'Rule of Law' NOR OT Justice; But rather pure "Grace" of our Lord Jesus→Christ, as Apostle Paul noted in his grace salutations of his epistles containing revelations.
*note: word "revelation" [apokalypsis] used 10x is used 8x by Paul, never by John.
Clarity: not said to accuse or condemn any, but to aware all it's not 2025BC, but AD2025 → only goes forward unto The End. 
The End is Neither OT Law ←Nor→ NT BetterLaw, 
but lastly pure ↑Grace↑, which is notably not against any, but "with you all", with a singular last "Amen" to that end, which is the salutation of Paul, not John.
Eg: Revelation 22:21 KJV
The ↑grace↑ of our Lord Jesus→↑Christ↑ [be] with you all. Amen.

