---
title: "post 1157"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\June\post_1157.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T20:40:55.886863
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Plural voices?? spirits?? Proper Order of such when twain? Here's nifty things I finally learned, by be "led" of the Spirit of truth: grace "guide" (follow me), after previously being driven (walk before me) by Holy Ghost: law "schoolmaster" (who can only bring UNTO Christ, not INTO Christ = the end of the law):
John's "Verily, verily" gospel account & later writings can be both Revealing & Tricky (Bad order of TWO things): 
Eg: in John 
5:25-29 KJV it has TWO voices to hear:
- voice of Son of God = dead "live" (no damnation to any)
- voice of Son of man (from "graves") = life + "damnation"
Problem with John is his order of twain, ends badly; As if Grace + law after, which is allegory like Life + death after. True and pure Grace of Son of God is not a grave subject. 
Eg: 1John 4:8 also has bad order of TWO spirits:
"spirit of truth and spirit of error" = Bad end: "error".
(when TWAIN, should end with "truth", not with "error")
SO, notice NO mention of grace, NOR mercy, NOR peace in 1John; And notice John's "Verily, verily" is allegory like "Master, master" for 2SonsJesus in Luke 8:24, which is TWO many masters (Lk 16:13), and John's twain order is Big, little (ends child-ish); But should be little, Big (ends man-kind). 
So I much prefer writings of Paul to writings of John:
- John never mentions revelation, but does mention antichrist.
- Paul never mentions antichrist, but does mention revelation.
If two voices, spirits, then not only important to hear correct one, but also discern reversed order in John's writings.

