---
title: "post 1183"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\July\post_1183.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T20:59:35.055064
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

CORRECT ORDER? Many churches don't realize when it's both law first (damn all), grace after (save all), correct order is NOT saved or damned in Mark 16:16,  is Son of man's REVERSED order; As in Mt 25:31-46 Son of man divides sheep/goats right/left = left/right REVERSED, then offers sheep "life eternal" = "eternal life" REVERSED. Let's get law/grace in CORRECT ORDER:
- Saved or Damned=BadEnd = Law = Good or Evil=NotLive.
- NotCondemned, 
but Saved=GoodEnd = God's Grace=Live. 
Mt-Acts was change of law = still Law to "them" of them/us. What's to us: body of Christ: the church, begins in Romans.
It's why there's no more mention of Son of man beyond Acts. In Acts 2-5 apostles=them still did nice + nasty = law things, b/c new 12 still assembled in "Solomon's porch" = law temple. 
So when it's law = good + evil, then it's lastly nasty = KILL ppl.
Result of KILL Ananias & Sapphira was "great fear" upon all. 
Eg of good + evil law's "evil concupiscence" = lastly nasty.
G.W. Bush Jr used law of Mt 12:30's with or against=BadEnd to REVERSE Grace & peace to Law & war = "against" u all. It was like UnNail Law from the cross to say 'Rule of Law', witch "worketh wrath", which God has not appointed us to. So when G.W. Bush father & son said 'Rule of Law', it was as if Satan in Revelation 20:7,8 to go out & deceive the nations. Since 9/11 leaders of nations have said 'Rule of Law', not Grace. 
Many $ick churches go along with this drawBACK to law, as if they desire an apocalypse asap so they can be raptured; Not knowing all rapture theories have partiality, but God does not. 
Grace is with you all, for Grace will have mercy, not sacrifice, and mercy multiplies peace, not divisional wars nor confusion. 
Here's more biblical examples of how REVERSED it can get; Even reversing JC to CJ, and spirit of truth to spirit of error. God did NOT send CJ, but JC, so we'll all not end with error.
So with both CJ & JC in the epistles of Paul, it's why Paul  always clarifies he's now a JC (was a CJ in Acts & Gal 2:4), and always turns CJ around to JC, to end epistles with Grace. CJ = mediator of Law of LORD. JC = Grace and Truth of God. 
No doubt there is now "no condemnation" to "them" still in CJ, but as Paul clarifies unto the CJ Corinthians in 1Cor 1:1-4, the grace of God given you CJs at Corinth is "given you by JC". Grace to you & peace, if from God (not LORD) & JC (not CJ).
Then johnny law to contend with, in 1John, CJs love to quote; Not knowing there's no grace, nor mercy, nor peace in 1John, is written to "little children", saying "keep the commandments". But with Paul, even the "new commandment" in John 13:34 has an "end" = "Now" in 1Timothy 1:5 KJV. Now the end of the commandment is "charity" (not love), allegory grace (not law),  from which (end of the law) some (still believing johnny law) having swerved have thereby turned aside unto vain jangling.
Eg: when it's both of 2 "spirits" to try in 1John 4. 1John 4:6's ORDER is REVERSED to "spirit of truth and spirit of error" = BadEnd: ends with "error" for "spirit". CORRECT ORDER is law first = spirit of error, but grace after = spirit of truth.
So we ought not heed Son of man's first shall be last & last shall be first; For it reverses  law first, grace last, to law last, which gets lastly nasty, to the point both news & weather now report 'worst' scenarios along with death tolls. Why? Worst is an OT word, used only once, BACK in Ezekiel 7:24, followed by this in 7:25 "Destruction cometh; and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none".  
But Ezekiel, notably called Son of man, was a prophet of the LORD. This LORD said in Jeremiah 23:39 I will forsake you, and the day[light] of this LORD in Amos 5:18 is "darkness, and not light" (allegory: law, and not grace). It's why, in Heb 1:1,2 says "God" has not spoken to us by prophets, nor in time past.
So also when both created & made, in Eph 2:10 & 1Pet 5:10. CORRECT ORDER is created = "before" & made = "after", to end "suffer" in CJ mode, clarified in 1Cor 12:26 & 2Tim 3:12. For God did NOT say let us create man, but "let us MAKE man" in Gen 1:26a, of create/make contrast in Gen 1:1-25.
Similar when it's both image & likeness in Gen 1:26b:
- "in our image" = Before (like created in Eph 2:10 = them)
- "after our likeness" = After (like made in 1Pet 5:10 = us)
It's why the "image" in the mirror can "vanish away", when we "from such turn away", since it reverses things. It's also why  when it comes to what never faileth: "charity" (not love), then 'gnosis' knowledge in 1Cor 13:8 KJV shall "vanish away".
Sure, in Gen 1:27 God "created" man in "image" mode, and called such male & female Adam "them"; But it was only to set the stage for the before part of a before/after shew of old/new man, like one man vs one man in Romans 5, is this contrast in John 1:17: the law was given by Moses (brought death to all), but grace and truth came by JC (to save and aware all). 
It's why, in 1Tim 2:4 God our Saviour will have two things: all men saved, AND come to 'epignosis' knowledge of the truth; Which is allegory like hear a higher calling after being saved. High calling in CJ is to firstly love coax them for-ward of law1/law2, to be better speaking them of them1/them2, then also grace coaxed "us-ward", to be neither of them1/them2. 
So as old man (aka law man), ppl have to put off old things, called childish things, to be-come new man (grace & truth). For the new AGREETH NOT with the old: Luke 5:36, and any mixture is like being an oxymoron, like a childish-adult, such as Pope John-Paul was, who said 'sacrifice must continue', notably in the false ending of two false/true Y2Ks.
Hope that l-o-n-g rant made sense, as to why, in AD2017, it oft  seems like 2017BC when watching the news & weather. Things REVERSED need to be put in CORRECT ORDER.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

