---
title: "post 2088"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\March\post_2088.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:42:04.893556
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Investigating "word[RHEMA] of God" & "word[LOGOS] of God"??
Why 2 kinds of "word of God" in Greek & What's the distinction??
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
For "word[rhema] of God" & "word[logos] of God" distinction:
Ephesians 6:17 notes:
sword[machaira] of the Spirit, which is the word[rhema] of God
Hebrews 4:12 notes:
word[logos] of God is sharper than any twoedged sword[machaira]
So there's more of a distinction than in Greek rhema a neuter noun but logos a masculine noun; Such as when search "word of God", then rhema of God occurs only 6x, but logos of God 38x (much more, like for "word" rhema occurs only 70x, but logos 330x). 
6x for "word[rhema] of God": Lk 3:2; Lk 4:4; Rom 10:17; Eph 6:17; Heb 6:5; Heb 11:3 reveal "word[rhema] of God" doesn't occur beyond Heb 11, which concluded these all obtained a good report, but received not the promise (aka eternal life); So God provided some better thing for us (aka to receive the promise for all). 
Review of 6 "word[rhema] of God" occurances seem to contrast infer the "word[rhema] of God" is more associated with OT LORD [Yahovah] as God who law chastens than with  NT God [Theos] of grace upbraideth not; And with taste law good [kalos] than grace good [agathos]; And with Holy Ghost than Holy Spirit of truth . 
Some mentions of "word" as logos infer these things:
Luke 8:11 the seed is the word[logos] of God
2Cor 5:19 that God (who in 5:18 reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ) hath committed to us the word[logos] of reconciliation
2Tim 2:9 the word[logos] of God is not bound
1Pet 1:23 born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word[logos] of God, which liveth and abideth for ever.
What are your thoughts & insights about 2 kinds of word of God? 
Such is not to speak against the word[rhema] of God, but to aware about a word[rhema] of God & word[logos] of God distinction.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

