---
title: "post 2629"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\January\post_2629.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2023
comments: 4
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-06T18:18:00.112805
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Science[gnosis]? Conscience[syneidesis]? What does Bible say?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Interesting biblical word "con-science" contains science, yet "conscience" only occurs from John 8:9 to 1Peter 3:14. after going through a process of 1st con-victed by their own con-science, then "evil conscience" purged to lastly have only a good [agathos = grace] "conscience" toward God, then no more 
conscience mention. Hmmm.
Also interesting is word "science" used in 1Tim 6:20 means 'gnosis' knowledge, which in 1Cor 8:1 says this kind of knowledge[gnosis] puffeth up, and in 1Cor 13:8 said this knowledge[gnosis] shall even "vanish away".
1Corinthians 13:8
Charity never faileth: but 
whether there be prophecies, they shall fail; 
whether there be tongues, they shall cease; 
whether there be knowledge[gnosis], it shall vanish away.
1Timothy 6:20,21
O Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy trust, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and oppositions of science[gnosis] falsely so called:Which some professing have erred concerning the faith. Grace be with thee. Amen.
Interesting "mystery" details to notice for our awareness sake.
What are your insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

