---
title: "post 2306"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\January\post_2306.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2022
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:25:58.529087
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

of THREE biblical seek & find modes: 
cOLD(1/3=0.333) ←> LukeWarm(2/3=0.666) → Hot(3/3=1.000)
LukeWarm can draw←back to perdition or go→on to perfection.
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Of these THREE: Jesus ←> Christ → God 
when ambassadors of Christ we beseech be ye reconciled to God.
John 14:6 has 3 things, yet even the truth is still only 2/3 of 3:
I am = the way(1/3), the truth(2/3), and the life(3/3).
Romans 8:2 notes CJ's get made free of OT law of sin & death by NT law of the Spirit; But even Law2 thereof is still only 2/3 of 3: OTLaw1 ←> NTLaw2 → NTGrace.
Romans 12:2 has 3 things to also prove after transformed:
good(1/3), and acceptable(2/3), and perfect(3/3) will of God.
1Cor 13 KJV uses charity never faileth as "greatest" of "three":
faith(1/3: great), hope(2/3: greater), charity(3/3: greatest of 3).
Seems
charity is allegory greatest of great ←> greater → greatest.
1Cor 14:3 notes all 3, of 3 things, should be spoken unto men:
edification(1/3), and exhortation(2/3), and comfort(3/3). 
1Cor 15:22-47 cleverly reveals as in Adam (first or last "Adam") all die, but all made alive in "Christ", which is even the 3rd of 3: 
Adam1(soul) ←> Adam2(spirit) → Christ.
natural first ←> spiritual afterward →end of law
Paul uses 3: "under" law ←> "under" grace →"with" grace. 
So made Galatians aware that they
got bewitched as if drawn←bwd to under law←under grace.
Heb 13:9 notes it's good the heart be established "with grace".
3 biblical life modes are noted, but only 1 as being 3rd of 3:
OT everlasting life←>NT life everlasting→NT eternal life.
(note: God which cannot lie promised eternal life: Titus 1:2)
All UnSaved ←> All Saved → All Saved AND made Aware.
What are your insights about such THREE biblical modes?
Interesting "mystery" details to notice for our awareness sake.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

