---
title: "post 2103"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\March\post_2103.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:48:14.994612
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --M----------a---r--ch-15-,--20---2----1-
---

## Content

Is God like a palindrome? 
A 
palindrome reads the same forward and backward like Eve and Madam. Ladies are consistent, aren’t they? How about God? Is He the same in the future and in the past?
Christians will say He’s the same, quoting: “I’m the Lord and I change not” (Mal. 3:6) and “The Father of lights has no variableness or shadow of turning” (Jas. 1:17).
However, it’s also conventionally believed God was lawful and wrathful in the past, He’s graceful in the present, and He’ll return lawful and wrathful in the future. 
If so, God isn’t unchanging, right? It’s said He’s still the same in that He’s essentially lawful and wrathful with grace dispensation merely temporal respite before full wrath is unleashed. 
Is such projection a true reflection of God’s character? Jesus, the Beginning and the End, is Grace, not Law. Eschatology on Him returning as God of law and wrath is thus contradictory. 
Can we sync conventional theology and eschatology with the truth that He’s unchanging? The attempt to blend them has been successful in producing a mixed Gospel of grace and law. 
To show God is unchanging is straightforward. It’s not by doubling down to fit in our beliefs but to filter our beliefs in light of Jesus - the perfect image of God (Heb. 1:3). 
The Bible contains progressive revelations. Incomplete and incorrect perceptions about God, especially in the OT, should be cross-checked with Jesus and His finished work. 
The Jews’ primitive Stone Age belief of a vindictive, genocidal, pestilential, infanticidal, wrathful and warlike God was a reflection of the carnal and base self. 
Jesus came to reveal God’s true image. He told all to repent (have a mind change). Repentance at its core is not changing wrong behaviour but changing wrong beliefs about God. 
God didn’t change His mind about us because of Jesus. We change our minds about Him. He doesn’t mutate like a virus. He’s immutable: the same yesterday, today and forever (Heb. 13:8).
One in Christ
Daniel Leong

