---
title: "post 1311"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\December\post_1311.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:37:49.104139
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Let's Re-Read & Re-Think Noah's ark story in Gen 6-8 KJV. WHY? 
to...
NOTICE LORD (yahovah) is not God (elohyim); SO 2 DIFFERENT Commanders with 2 DIFFERENT commands:
- God (allegory Grace) said 2 of each will do (to keep seed alive), NOT seeing any clean & unclean difference at all
- LORD (allegory LAW) said clean & unclean, also said 2 & 7 = 9.
Hmmm...
Seems LORD wanted to sacrifice clean & populate with unclean.
Seems why...
Amos 5:18 said day of the LORD is darkness, and not light.
(it's allegory for the LORD[aka LAW] is law, and not grace)
and why
JC said in Lk 11:35 take heed the light in u be not darkness.
also why
Paul told Timothy & Titus not to give heed to jewish fables.
For Gen 6-8 said 
Noah did both: all God commanded & all LORD commanded; But 
it's like did both Grace + Law = Bad Ending, even for Noah...
How so?
Heb 11 has 2 lists, Noah is among these died and received NOT the promises(plural); then gives another list of these also died and received NOT the promise(singular). 
Hmmm...
That's NOT receive & NOT receive, like Oops & Oops.
So then
Heb 11 concludes "God" (not LORD) hath provided some better thing for us than die & not receive promises, or die & not receive promise. So...
Heb 10:36 KJV previously noted we may "RECEIVE",
Yet's it's notably "after" ye(do err) have done the will of God (aka I will have mercy, and not sacrifice = I will have grace, and not law), ye might RECEIVE the promise (eternal life).
Seems why James 1:5-8 (as if dovetailed to Hebrews) then notes there's a God who "upbraideth not" we may ASK for His wisdom, but also notes we should stop being double minded before we ask, as if to then RECEIVE first pure wisdom from above (as if Grace to you from God), like noted in James 3:17.
Interesting stuff to notice, ponder, study, and discuss.

