---
title: "post 3061"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\November\post_3061.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:54:59.179195
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

ISRAEL?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
"Israel" occurs in 2,294 verses of Holy Bible, from Genesis 32:28 (changed name of "Jacob" to "Israel") unto Revelation 21:12. 
So, 
Israel is quite biblical. 
Yet, 
a large part of modern Israel is also secular (non-religious). 
Example: WEF's homosexual Yuval Noah Harari, a historiker, is a professor at Israel's university who flat out says God is dead.
Current government of Israel is Zionism (politics), 
which strongly differs from Judaism (religion).
Orthodox Jews favor a Palestinian State, to have peace,
but Zionists would have Palestinians all driven out or killed.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu (called Crime Minister by tens of thousands of Israeli protestors for tens of weeks prior to an attack by Hamas) has declared war, and to justify his twoedged sword of vengeance & punishments (noted in Psalm 149:6,7), he called the Hamas/Palestinians 'Amalek', as if to say his vengeful LORD [Yehova] would say to him, like said to Saul in 
1Samuel 15:3 
Now go and smite Amalek, and utterly destroy all that they have, and spare them not; but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass.
Seems to describe the ongoing event in Gaza, and West Bank: 10,000 bombs killing men, women, children & destroying homes.
His defense minister Gant called the people of Gaza 'animals' (not humans), and vowed no food, no fuel, no electricity, no water into Gaza while bombs destroy homes & kill people at a rate of 1 child killed, and 2 children injured, every 10 minutes, for a month already.
Prior, USA's President Biden had said, about his early phone calls to Netanyahu, that he would NOT ask him to use restraint. So, Gant commanded the Israeli Army to not hold back, use full power.
Seems this may escalate to wider war in the region: Middle East. So far, Hezbollah in Lebanon, also Iran, Russia, China, etc have shown restraint, lest it become a God & Magog war of Ezekiel 38 & 39.
What are your thoughts/insights about the Israel Conflict?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ (be) with you all. Amen.

