---
title: "post 2946"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\August\post_2946.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T11:53:56.521477
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

KJV: Two (Different) Comforters:
"Holy Ghost" & "Spirit of truth" ??
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Because most modern bible translations have changed Holy "Ghost" to Holy "Spirit", most bible readers assume, believe, Ghost & Spirit in KJV are the same, as both mean 'pneuma' in Greek.
BUT,
In KJV, which uses both "Ghost" & "Spirit" for Greek word 'pneuma', it says Jesus noted (contrasted) two (different) Comforters to be first/second sent by Father/Son:
"Holy Ghost": law teacher & reminder of all things Jesus had said. 
"Spirit of truth":  grace "guide" (aka follow me) into all truth.
"Holy Ghost": law DRIVEN ("walk before me")
"Spirit of truth": grace LED ("follow me")
At Pentecost, in Acts 2 KJV, it was "Holy Ghost" that came upon them. But, 
in Acts 2 - 5 it was this Holy "Ghost" law reminder that reminded Peter that Jesus (first made under the law) had said (Mt 12:32; Mk 3:29) "never forgiveness" for blasphemy the "Ghost", 
So,
killed (not forgave) Ananias & Saphirra, even though Jesus had also said to Peter to forgive seventy times seven (490x), which Peter did not do even once in Holy Ghost mode....
the result being "great fear" (not love void of fear) came upon all the church, and upon as many as heard these things: Acts 5:11 KJV. 
John 14:16,17 KJV (Spirit of truth: "another" Comforter)
And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever; Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you.
John 14:26 KJV (Holy Ghost: to be first Father sent)
But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.
John 15:26 KJV (Spirit of truth: to be Son sent after ascended)
But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:
John 16:13 KJV (Spirit of truth: grace "guide": follow me)
Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.
Acts 1:5 KJV (Holy Ghost)
For John truly baptized with water; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence.
Acts 2:1-4 KJV (Holy Ghost)
And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.
What are your insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

