---
title: "post 3032"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\October\post_3032.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:24:31.600969
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

DEATH TOLLS in News, Weather, Medicine, Sports ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Seems DEATH TOLLS actively began getting mentioned in both news and weather after Y2Ks. Seems this coincided with modern bibles having by Y2Ks removed the word "Christ" from their end (Revelation 22:21). Seems then leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law' is New World Order (instead of Grace, Mercy, Peace).
Then 
came the 9/11 DEATH TOLL, followed by daily mentions of DEATH TOLLS around the world in both news & weather.
Seems DEATH TOLLS are now compared & noted for "WORST" scenarios in both news & weather. ODD thing about such is the word "worst" only bible occurs once, way backward in Old Testament Ezekiel 7:24 ← BC. So mention of a "worst" scenario implies a biblical backward trend to Before Christ.
worst ← worse ← bad ←BC/AD→ good → better → best
Hundreds of thousands have died in Yemen, called the "worst" humanitarian scenario recorded, even killing thousands of children. Such is due to war, causing also death by famine & disease.
The pandemic has recorded DEATH TOLLS by the millions.
Seems now you cannot turn on news or weather without hearing of DEATH TOLLS. 
World Economic Forum has projected DEATH TOLLS of billions.
What are your opinions & insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

