---
title: "post 1919"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\March\post_1919.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:16:34.476459
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Approved unto God by rightly divide the word of truth (grace) in 2Tim 2:15, is not to right side of wrong/right sides, but above (of under/above) both sides of duality & partiality. 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
2Tim 2:15 does not say study to just be on the right side of wrong/right sides, which is duality & partiality on right side; but to shew thyself approved only, is above duality. It also 
does not say rightly divide 'rhema' word (is for battle mode), but rightly divide the word [logos] of truth (is end of battle).
For too long we've assumed grace is over against law, or on the right side of law/grace contrasts, but that would be duality with partiality on right side, and there is no partiality with God. With law it's none righteous, but with grace it's all righteous.
What about "not under the law, but under grace"? If both such modes are "under", neither above of under/above, perhaps what is "under grace" may not yet be grace, but better law, like Rom 8:2 says the "law" of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the "law" of sin and death. Therein "law" of the Spirit is not grace, but better NT law than OT law. Grace of God makes us further free from both OT/NT law.
Grace is not against anyone, but described as "with you all". 
God of "all grace" has no law to flaw anyone with, nor has both law/grace duality, but all grace which only approves all.
Let's stop having left/right sides where even people on right side of sides wars want to be right to make others wrong. 
Interesting "mystery" details to notice/learn for awareness.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/IS] with you all. Amen.

