---
title: "post 1826"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\October\post_1826.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:52:19.491408
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Investigating why Love[agape1] & Charity[agape2] contrasted in KJV?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Last time got to 1Cor 13:11 to see takes put away child-ish to be man[aner]. Then looked at Jn 13:34 to see a bwd you/ye of Son of man’s love commandment (note: when both ye & you, as err & free, should be fwd ye/you = “you-ward”). Now...
looking at 1Cor 13:12,13 together to see allegory contrasts:
12 For 
now[arti] we see through a glass[esoptron], darkly[en ainigma]; 
but 
then face[prosopon] to[pros] face[prosopon]: 
now[arti] I know[ginosko] in part[meros; as if still part-iality]; 
but 
then shall I know[epiginosko] even as also[kai] I am known[epiginosko].
13 And 
now[nyni] abideth[meno] faith[pistis], hope[eipis], charity[agape], these three; 
but 
the greatest[meizon] of these is charity (as agape2: not love).
So, re contrasting, seems hidden wisdom to notice:
How “now” changes from ‘arti’ to ‘nyni’ in 12 to 13;
And “know” changed from ‘ginosko’ to ‘epi-ginosko’ in 12;
Seems as change from ‘gnosis’ to ‘epi-gnosis’ “knowledge”.
(And as change from ‘strepho’ to ‘epi-strepho’ “converted”).
For in 1Cor 8:1 it noted ‘gnosis’ knowledge “puffeth up”;
So in 1Cor 13:8 noted ‘gnosis’ knowledge shall “vanish away”.
So, allegory like we’re being up-graded from “love” to “charity”.
Of 3 “but” mentions, "And" 3rd not only changes “now” from ‘arti’ to ‘nyni’; Also as if change from Holy “Ghost” to “Spirit”;
And lastly not just contrast two, but "three" things.
For “Ghost” mode was Father, Son, and Holy “Ghost”,
But “Spirit” mode after is Father, Son, and Holy “Spirit”.
For we 1st noted, in 1Cor 13:1-3 how it was “nothing” yet x2;
So “without charity” as if 1/3=0=nothing & 2/3=0=nothing yet.
So, takes much more than 1/3 & more than 2/3, to be 3/3=1.
1st we see “through a glass” (mirror) darkly (enigma: riddle);
As behold natural[genesis] self, reversed in mirror: Jam 1:23;
As what’s mirror-ly reflected back & from a dark (law) side.
But then “face to face”, as accused to accuser, in Acts 25:16;
As if look at your old self in mirror as looking at your accuser;
As in Rom 2:1 [greek] 1st ‘anthropos’ man is self-condemning;
And in Rom 3:4 [greek] every ‘anthropos’ man is (still) a “liar”.
So we all need upgrade from ‘anthropos’ to ‘aner’ man-kind;
Else we behold our self in a mirror as being self-condemning.
So, after 2 buts, "And" 3rd but gets us beyond 2 to 3 things.
Then 13:13 notes “charity” is “greatest” of faith, hope, charity;
Allegory as “greatest” of great(1/3), greater(2/3), greatest(3/3).
Like in Luke 2:14, re “God”, and re “on earth peace”, it was:
Glory to God in the “highest”, as if of high, higher, highest. 
So “charity” as “greatest” as if safest of safe, safer, safest.
So, for love[agape1] it was great love & “greater love”,
but when it’s “greatest” of 3, only “charity” qualifies;
b/c love[agape1] of many shall wax cOLD: Mt24:12,
as love always a “commandment” (law) to obey;
And only charity[agape2] thinketh no evil (no law).
So, of love/charity, only “charity never faileth”.
Our study is not to bash love[agape1], is excellent;
(as we 1st get rooted & grounded in love in Christ)
but 
to aware us charity[agape2] a “more excellent way”.
(so we may “also” comprehend the “fulness of God”).
The grace of our Lord Jesus/Christ [be/IS] with you all.
Amen.

