---
title: "post 2413"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\May\post_2413.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2022
comments: 4
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:55:33.239903
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M-----a-y--2----6--,------20--2--2-
---

## Content

Mystery Bible Question: 
Does Ephesians 2:15 allegory portray he abolished Genesis 2:17?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Ephesians 2:15 KJV
Having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the law of commandments contained in ordinances; for to make in himself of twain one new man, so making peace.
It's interesting Eph 2:15 says he abolished "the (singular) law of (plural) commandments contained in (plural) ordinances". Hmmm...
Perhaps (?) this could allegory describe he abolished Genesis 2:17 of Gen 2:16,17 (plural & contrary commands), for if Gen 2:16&17 mingled, it makes an oxymoron: every tree & not every tree: contrary commands, which
are not of God, but of a LORD [Yehova] God [Elohim] combo.
Genesis 2:16,17 KJV (every tree & not every tree = oxymoron)
16 And the LORD[Yehova] God[Elohim] commanded the man, saying
Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat:
17 But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.
Possible Allegory:
2:16 every tree, freely (as if grace, "freely given of God": 1Cor 2:12)
2:17 not every tree, surely die (as if law, given "by Moses": Jn 1:17)
Notes to help ponder such:
"God" [Elohim} had said "every tree" in Gen 1:29, but if God also said not every tree, as in Gen 2:17, it would be as if an oxymoron of contrary commands, given by God.
Hmmm...
Seems why the serpent (made by a LORD God) Gen 3:1 asked woman: Yea, has "God"[Elohim] said not every tree in Gen 2:17?
Because Gen 2:16&17 mingled makes an oxymoron, and "God" is not an oxymoronic author of confusion (1Cor 14:33); Seems why Jesus refused "mingled" drink, twice, on the cross, perhaps as if to refuse mingled drink from both sides of cross, but lastly received the pure vinegar (not mingled)... 
As if to refuse both grace + law = life + death, 
to have only pure grace, as then only eternal life.
To abolish Gen 2:17 (aka law) removes the possibility of there being a transgression (where no law, there no transgression: Rom 4:15), and the need to add more law (10 in stone, 613 in ink) because of transgression (Galatians 3:19). 
Seems by abolish Gen 2:17 may be how the Lamb [amnos] of God "taketh away" the sin of the world, for only law imputes sin, but when no law, then no sin is even imputed (Rom 4:8; 5:13).
What are your insights about the possibility of Ephesians 2:15 being an allegoric portrayal of abolition of Genesis 2:17's surely die lie?
interesting "mystery" details to notice, ponder, discuss
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

