---
title: "post 1861"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\November\post_1861.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2019
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T09:59:21.624820
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -Oct-ob---e-r-2-4------,----------2--0-----1-9-
---

## Content

Son of man? Jesus noted when OT Son of man also, he was salvation + damnation also, still nice + nasty also. Let's see...
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and Jesus→Christ. 
FYI: it was "Son of man" Jesus (not Son of God Jesus) who:
- called himself "serpent": Jn 3:14
- 
said "judgment also" & "damnation" also: Jn 5:27-29
- said to eat his flesh & drink his blood: Jn 6:53
Jesus himself revealed, about himself, that when still 2 Sons: twain: both NT Son of God + OT Son of man also, he still had 2 voices (Jn 5:25-29) saying both "live" + "judgment also", both resurrection of "life" + resurrection of "damnation" also,
as if still
both nice + nasty also, even lastly nasty, like in Lk 17:30-36, as "Son of man", noted his day, when "revealed", could then be like days of Noe & Lot, whereby flood & fire "destroyed them all" (not saved them all). 
It's only Son of God voice who said I will not accuse: Jn 5:45; For as Son of man he accused, name called, threatened. So...
When still OT Son of man also, he then noted he was: 
- Not peace, but division: Mt 10:34; Lk 12:51; Jn 7:43, 
- Not God good[agathos]: Mt19:16; Mk10:17; Lk18:18
- Not (yet) perfected: Lk 13:32
- Not (yet) all truth: Jn 16:12,13
- Not (yet) Spirit only, but Holy "Ghost" also
It's why, in Rom→fwd, there is NO more mention of "Son of man", ONLY "Son of God", as then the gospel of "Christ", of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ", as if through his 2 Sons modes to his 1 Son mode, then of "twain": "one" new man; So in "Christ" it's all things new" (not new + old in 2SonsJesus).
Seems most of christianity: Roman-Catholic & Protestant & Independent churches, are still unaware of this, so still teach & preach a 2SonsJesus (nice + nasty) from Mt-Acts, instead of only 1SonChrist, is only Son of God, so only nice.
Seems why 67% now leaving churches & deconstructing from their portrayal of God & Son of God as both nice + nasty. True God is "all grace", neither law nor law/grace duality. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/IS] with you all. Amen.

