---
title: "post 2179"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\July\post_2179.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T13:48:10.046024
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Ma---y3----0-------,-2----02----1--
---

## Content

WORLD POPULATION? 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
In June 1967, after SIX DAY WAR, THEN world graphs previously having certain curves began to shoot forth. One was world population graph, it then began to exponentially shoot forth...
Seems because world population had begun to shoot forth so exponentially, the world bank began to throw millions at stopping it, with contraceptives, abortions, etc; but 
the more it tried to stop world population growth, the more it abundantly grew. 
Seems it proved, graphically, that life was exceedingly becoming much more than death, allegory as if winning over death, no matter how much China limited babies, or weather, wars, genocides, suicides, abortions, etc took lives. Hmmm
Seems by false/true Y2Ks world population had reached 7 billion. But then it seems certain people who feared earth could not sustain much more exponential population growth (increase by billions instead of millions), that they planned a desired de-population, some call a planned cull-ing. 
Seems some think a current pandemic may be just the beginning of a plandemic cull-ing of millions, followed by a v@x that can sterilize not only billions of takers but their unborn children for generations. 
Is there a de-population con-spiracy of aristocrats, which has deceived most governments to go along with it because they cannot pay retirement or pension funds, etc? 
Are wars now fought with bioweapons?  
Does it boil down to love of money more than love of life?
What are your thoughts & insights about such things?
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

