---
title: "post 2181"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\July\post_2181.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2021
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T13:55:28.733007
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M--a---y23-,----2------0-2----1---
---

## Content

JUDE: 7th general epistle of 7, 26th of 27 NT books
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
JUDE has last mention of mercy & of eternal life, also last of 6 mentions of "God our Saviour" (1Tim 1:1; 2:3; Tit 1:3; 2:10; 3:4; Jude 1:25), which he concludes is the "only wise God". 
Jude 
1:5 reminded  OT LORD [Yehovah] both saved and destroyed afterward. In contrast "God [Theos] our Saviour" will have all men saved and come to the knowledge [epignosis] of the truth (1Tim 2:3,4), so as to not be destroyed after saved. 
Seems it allegory contrasts law, being good [kalos] and evil [kakos] after with grace, being only good [agathos]. 
Jude 1:5 (reminder destroyed after saved ends badly)
I will therefore put you in remembrance, though ye once knew this, how that the Lord, having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed them that believed not.
Notes:
day of OT LORD [Yehovah] comes as destruction (Is 13:6), not as salvation; because LORD forms light & creates darkness, to make peace & create evil (Is 45:7); For LORD will utterly forget & forsake you (Jer 23:39), also bring "worst" scenario with no peace to even seek (Ez 7:24,25); So day of LORD is darkness, not light (Amos 5:18); Allegory as if law, not grace; So "Woe" to you who desire it.
Jude 1:21 (exhortation)
Keep yourselves in the love [agape] of God [Theos], looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.
Notes:
search for mercy reveals mercy is not mentioned in John, nor in 1John, nor in 3John, nor in Revelation.
Hmmm...
phrase "unto eternal life" was previously used by Paul in Rom 5:21 conclusion, said: that as (law imputed) sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace (did 5:20 much more abound than law) reign through (JC's grace gifted) righteousness "unto eternal life".
Hmmm...
Revelation has neither mention of mercy nor of eternal life. So "looking for the mercy or our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life" seems to refer to Paul's epistles, and 2Peter which mentions Paul.  
Jude 1:24,25 (conclusion)
Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy, 
To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.
Notes:
of OT LORD [Yehovah] saved & destroyed after vs NT God [Theos] our Saviour saves & awares (not destroys) after, Jude concludes "God our Saviour" is thereby "the only wise God", as previously twice noted by Paul:
Rom 16:27 To God ONLY WISE, be glory through Jesus Christ for ever. Amen.
1Tim 1:17 Now unto the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the ONLY WISE God, be honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen.
Jude 1:25 To the ONLY WISE God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.
What are your insights about book of Jude?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

