---
title: "post 2952"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\August\post_2952.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T11:54:51.002917
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

MYSTERY: DID CHRIST ABOLISH GENESIS 2:17(?)
CALLED THE "LAW" GIVEN BY MOSES IN JOHN 1:17, AND 
ENMITY: THE "LAW" OF COMMANDMENTS IN EPHESIANS 2:15?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Ephesians 2:15 says Christ "having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the "law" of "commandments"(plural) contained in ordinances; for to make in himself of twain one new man, so making peace". 
Hmmm...
Perhaps the "law" of "commandments" refers to Genesis 2:17 of Genesis 2:16 + 17, which is every tree + not every tree = oxymoron: two contrary things (perhaps allegory as contrary as grace + law).
Genesis 2:16 + 17 KJV
16 And the LORD God [Yehova Elohim] commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat:
17 But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.
Notes:
Gen 1:29 noted "God" [Elohim] said "every tree".
Genesis 2:16 says "every tree" and "freely" eat.
1Cor 2:12 notes what's "freely" given is "of God".
So Gen 2:16 could as if the freely given grace of God.
Gen 6 - 8 note "God" [Elohim] & "LORD" [Yehova] differed,
not only in name, but in commands to Noah. So the combined "LORD [Yehova] God [Elohim]" in Gen 2:16 are as if two contrary things combined, giving two contrary commandments, which are allegory like every tree + not every tree; If mixed = oxymoron.
Seems then, Gen 2:16 + 17 is allegory as if grace + law:
2:16 "every tree", "freely" (as if grace, of God, so press save)
2:17 not every tree, "surely die" (as law, of Moses, so press delete) 
Paul noted in Rom 4:15 where no law, there no transgression.
Then noted in Galatians  3:19 all the other law (10 in stone, 613 in ink) was "added", notably " because of transgressions", till the seed (Christ: Gal 3:16) come.
Seems then, abolish Gen 2:17 would end transgression, and then have no need to add more law because of transgressions. 
Seems that would make Christ is the end of the law (Rom 10:4).
What are your insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

