---
title: "post 2070"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\January\post_2070.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2021
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:31:03.674108
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Post#1 re IS "CHRIST JESUS" same as "JESUS CHRIST" IF C J only  occurs 58x only from Acts 19:4 to 1Pet 5:14; But J C occurs 187x from Mt 1:1 to Rev 22:21? Let's investigate:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
FYI: In Acts, Saul not only changes to Paul in chp 13 (not chp 9 at Damascus; nor yet chp 11 where called Christians at Antioch); But Paul also further changes from "Christ Jesus" mode in 
Acts 19:4 
to "Jesus Christ" mode in Acts 28:31. And Then...
In Romans forward, although "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" both occur in Paul's epistles, he always 1st clarifies he's now in "Jesus Christ" mode, and always turns his mentions of "Christ Jesus" around to "Jesus Christ", even in Hebrews which in Heb 13:8 says: "Jesus Christ" the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever. And Then...
Of 2 epistle's of Peter: "Christ Jesus" is only still mentioned in 1Pet; Not in 2Pet; And never again mentioned after 1Pet 5:14.
Hence a post question: Is "Christ Jesus" same as "Jesus Christ"? And if not, what's the difference(s)? and why any CJ & JC difference(s)? 
Another FYI: there's 12 NT books that do not mention "Christ Jesus": Mt, Mk, Lk, Jn, 2Thess; James; 2Pet; 1Jn; 2Jn; 3Jn; Jude; Rev.
For "our Lord" both "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" are mentioned; But for "our Saviour" ONLY "Jesus Christ" is mentioned, even though Paul said "Christ Jesus" came to save sinners.
What are your insights about this "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" biblical mystery aspect few seem to notice or mention?
Not posted to diminish "Christ Jesus" nor any "in Christ Jesus" mode; But to aware share once you notice such things it's hard not to notice, and smile when brethren post CJ for JC things.  
Next, for this lengthy & deep study, I'll mention CJ & JC things.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

