---
title: "post 2739"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\March\post_2739.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2023
comments: 5
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:48:29.290718
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ------Ma---rc-h----------5,-2-0--2-3--
---

## Content

Biblical (apostle) JOHN? 
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Things to be aware of about apostle John and his writings.
- 
The gospel according to John is the most popular of four; But upon search has no mention of mercy.
- John & James: "them" surnamed Boanerges = sons of thunder, moved the ten to indignation* by requesting they be allowed to sit Right & Left of Jesus in his kingdom: Mt 20:24. 
note:
*indignation is 1st of 4 consequences for them still being contentious in Romans 2:8,9.
- John & James had to be rebuked for being so contentious (spirit of error) they thought to call down fire from heaven to consume a village: Luke 9:54,55. 
- John's gospel account is the only double "Verily, verily" account of four. Such double (Big,little) "Verily, verily"[Amen, amen] is allegory like (Big, little) "Amen, amen" to both Blessed, cursed (Num 5:22); And allegory like double (Big, little) "Master, master" (Lk 8:24) is two many masters (mt 6:24; Lk 16:13). For Christ is your one Master.
- John's writings have no mention of "revelation"; And he's the only NT writer to mention "antichrist". In contrast Paul's writings have no mention of antichrist; And has 10 mentions of revelation.
- John was among 11 Jesus upbraided for their hardness of heart even after his crucifixion & resurrection (Mk 16:14); And among 7 gone (back to) fishing (but caught no fish) in John 21.
- John implies he's more beloved & truthful, but it's only according to John, whose writings can be tricky without discernment. 
Eg: 
John 5:29 notes 2 resurrections: of life & of damnation = bad end; And John's triple mention of "life eternal" is reverse of "eternal life", allegory like "evil" is reverse of "live".
And 1John 4:6's spirit of truth & spirit of error = bad end.
- John is named among three top dogs (James, Peter, John), which Paul said "seemed" to be pillars in Galatians 2:9; Then it's Gal 3:1 asked "Who" (not what) bewitched you? 
So in Philippians 3:2 Paul mentions beware of dogs. 2Peter 2:22 notes it happened, The dog [is] "turned" to his own vomit again. 
Hmmm, seems in Revelation 1:12 John "turned" to what was "behind" him.
- 1John has lots of mention of love, but no mention of grace, nor mercy, nor peace. This is ODD, since John 1:17 first mentioned "grace and truth came by Jesus Christ". 1John is written to John's "little children", perhaps allegory as if to John's law children.
- 1John 3:10's contrast of 2 kinds of children to be is children of God & children of the devil = bad ending (of a reversed order). ODD. Perhaps it's why Paul previously said, twice, be not children.
- Official Title of Book of Revelation is "The Revelation (uncovering) of Saint John the Divine" (aka about uncovering of a saint named John thought to be divine). In Ephesians 4:12, it noted saints still need perfecting. 
So...
- prior to 1John, 2John, 3John writings, in 1Peter 5:10, it reveals being made perfect is by "the God of all grace". 
- modern idioms for John are johnny law, toilet, victimizer, etc.
Then the interesting thing about the book of Revelation, which many still ass-u-me was written by John in about AD90, just because it says John 5x therein, is this:
The End Jesus said to endure unto to be saved only (not both saved and destroyed as noted about OT LORD [Yehova] in Jude 1:5), aka Revelation 22:21 KJV, is NOT the salutation of John, but only the salutation of Paul, which Paul noted he always penned it with his own hand: 2Thess 3:17,18. It's always pure grace be with you all.
Hmmm,
Such seems to suggest Paul may be the author of Revelation in about AD65, prior to his death in AD67, and prior to the destruction of the law temple in AD70 (for book of Revelation 11:1,2 still mentions the temple).
What are your insights about such things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

