---
title: "post 1753"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\June\post_1753.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:31:47.220913
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -------M--a-----y1---7-,201-----9--
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
WHY? Although NT mentions "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ", it's noticeable (by search) to (then also) see:
- "Jesus Christ" occurs from Mt 1:1 to Rev 22:21 KJV (187 times).
- "Christ Jesus" only occurs from Acts 19:4 to 1Pet 5:14. (57 times)
Why should we also notice this?
Seems there's allegoric CJ & JC mystery contrast, because: 
- "Jesus Christ" is our reconciler to God (so no more between). 
- "Christ Jesus" was mediator "between" God & men: 1Tim 2:5.
Why this allegoric JC & CJ mystery contrast?
Seems, because, in the backstory, about Paul:
In Acts, after Saul became Paul, he also got further changed from "Christ Jesus" mode (Acts 19:4) to "Jesus Christ" mode (Acts 28:31).
Then, in Rom→fwd, always clarifies he's now in "Jesus Christ" mode, and always turns "Christ Jesus" around to "Jesus Christ" in epistles, including Hebrews; 
Allegory as if our descend gets turned around to our ascend. 
Hmmm.
I never noticed, until Spirit of truth prompted me search & see.
So, seems why Paul says:
in Rom 8:1 no condemnation to them in CJ mode, because:
in 1Cor 1:1-4 the grace of God is also given to CJ's by JC. 
But also clarifies:
2Cor 5:18
And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by "Jesus Christ", and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation;
And 
in Phil 2:5-11, where he begins with CJ, but ends with JC, says:
Philippians 2:11
And that every tongue should confess that "Jesus Christ" is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.
Why?
Seems because 2Tim 3:12 clarifies:
Yea, and all that will live godly in "Christ Jesus" shall "suffer"...
So,
we all "suffer" while still in (descended) "Christ Jesus" mode.
But then, allegory as if our "after" of before/after: After made perfect by "God of all grace" (no law = no sin) in 1Pet 5:10, who did first call us unto his eternal glory by "Christ Jesus" (in whom we suffered a while; not for ever); Then after→ward puts an end to our previous "suffered" (before in CJ mode).
1Peter 5:10,11 KJV:
10: But the "God of all grace" (no law), who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, "after" that ye have suffered a while (in CJ mode), make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you. 11: To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.
So then,
after 1Pet 5:14 NO mention of "Christ Jesus", ONLY "Jesus Christ".
A "mystery" aspect I learned by Spirit of truth as Comforter & guide. For me, it's been mind blowing to learn such.
The grace of our Lord "Jesus Christ" [be/is] "with" you "all". Amen.

