---
title: "post 3097"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\December\post_3097.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T20:47:34.082574
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

UNIQUE Things I Learned about King James Bible (KJV)
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
I am NOT KJV-ONLY; But do prefer KJV for allegoric mystery study. Here are some unique things I learned about KJV:
KJV 
has an Epistle Dedicatory of Translators which wishes three best wishes: Grace, Mercy, Peace through Jesus Christ our Lord. So, KJV is the only Bible that begins & ends with GRACE.
Therein such Epistle Dedicatory the KJV Translators cleverly reveal they were neither Roman Catholic (popish persons) nor Protestant (self-conceited brethren) which traduced & maligned their translation work from both sides.
Only Oxford KJV has end notes, only for Paul's epistles. Such thereby reveal things like 1Timothy is "the epistle from Laodicea" Paul told Colossians to also read in Col 4:16. The modern HarperCollins Thomas Nelson KJV does not include such end notes.
KJV was the 7th English Bible, made from 6 previous ones, and as one more exact translation was called HOLY BIBLE. It's been the best-selling book in the world for 400 years (1611 to 2011). Even with so many modern translations, KJV is still more read (55% of Bible readers use KJV).
Use of both YE & YOU in KJV is not Old English, but sometimes both used in the same verse for allegory contrast. Eg: YE shall know the truth, and the truth shall make YOU free: John 8:32.
KJV uniquely uses "shew", as if plural of show, to allegory denote two things are being shewn, for contrast, in a world of duality.
KJV uses both "Ghost" & "Spirit" for Greek word 'pneuma', for an allegory contrast, so it does not contradict itself like modern Bibles do by changing "Ghost" to "Spirit", then say contrary things like blasphemy the Spirit is never forgivable & God is Spirit has forgiven all.
Jesus noted "Ghost" & "Spirit" as two different Comforters to be sent in John 14:26 KJV (Ghost) & John 15:26 KJV (Spirit). Holy "Ghost" came at Pentecost, resulting in "great fear": Acts 2 - 5.
KJV uses both "love" & "charity" for Greek word 'agape' and refers to love as excellent; But for a "more excellent way" in 1Cor 12:31 then uses "charity" in 1Cor 13 to describe such more excellent way. Seems one reason why is for first mention of 'agape' as "love" in Mt 24:12 Jesus had said "love[agape] of many shall wax cold" (aka fail). So 1Cor 13:8 KJV says "Charity never faileth". 
Modern Bibles that change "charity" to "love" thereby contradict themselves by say 2 contrary things such as love of many shall wax cold & love never fails any.
In KJV "charity" can be new man put on as 8th above 7, even above forgiving one another in Colossians 3:12-14 KJV; 
Charity is also 8th above 7, even above brotherly kindness (still has some blindness) in 2Peter 1:5-11 KJV.
KJV uses Paul's grace salutation for The End: Revelation 22:21 KJV, which is only ever used by Paul (never used by John), and as Paul thrice clarified, it is always written by his "own hand". This kinda makes Paul the sign-ified author of Revelation (written by Paul as a spoof on John getting turned back to law, before AD67):
Eg: 2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 22:21 KJV
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

