---
title: "post 1835"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\October\post_1835.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:54:28.102309
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Jesus had said he was Not Peace, Not Good, Not Perfected in Mt-Acts because as 2Sons: NT Son of God & OT Son of man, he's still both nice & nasty: both grace & law: both new & old.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
It explains why the gospel of "Christ", in Romans→forward, has NO mention of Son of man, ONLY Son of God; And why peace & victory are through Jesus→Christ, all new in Christ.
A 
few examples of Jesus, as still Son of man, being nasty:
- in Mt 25:31-46 he said he'd bring division (not peace), and then offer sheep "life eternal" (reverse of eternal life), but goats "everlasting punishment"
- in Lk 17:31-35 he threatens his day, when revealed, will be like days of Noe & Lot where flood & fire "destroyed them all". 
- in Jn 3:14-16 he calls himself "serpent", then reverses NT "eternal life" in Jn 3:15 to OT "everlasting life" in Jn 3:16.
- in Jn 7:43 there's still "division" (not peace) "because of him"; And in Rev 1:7 it's "wail" (not rejoice) "because of him".
Not posted to speak against Jesus while he's still 2 Sons, but only to aware why we should all put away "Son of man"; 
Especially for this reason:
Rom 3:4 says let God be true, but every man[anthropos] a liar. It makes every NT mention of Son of man[anthropos] a lie.
Seems a problem with churches is they still preach Jesus from Mt-Acts, as if not yet aware Jesus revealed, about himself in Jn 5:25-29, that while 2Sons he had 2voices saying 2things: 
both "live" & "judgment also" = bad end of twain, even 
both resurrection of "life" & resurrection of "damnation".
In contrast,
Eph 2:15 notes, about Christ, of twain within himself he abolished the enmity, aka the law, to make one new man, and thereby is our peace (not division). 
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

