---
title: "post 1866"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\December\post_1866.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:06:34.850883
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Why did Jesus call Jewish law temple "My Father's house", have a temper tantrum therein, then also doom it when sat on grave yard side of Mount of Olives over "against" it?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Seems by say "My Father's house", he either allegory refers to David, had nice & nasty sons, or to OT LORD[Yehovah] was both nice & nasty. For he'd also said good [agathos] only God [Theos], as 
(y[ou)r] Father, is merciful & doesn't dwell in any house made with hands.
Either way, by call law temple "My Father's house", it begs 2 questions: what "Father" has or dwells in a house of law, and as if a Holy "Ghost", hiding behind 2nd of 2 veils, who's both nice & nasty? Is there 2 Fathers in biblical mystery? Hmmm.
Seems Jesus first ascended to a "Majesty" on high, where still "enemies", only plausible by still enmity (law); And from there 2ndly came, but still "upbriaded" & "damned": Mk 16. But then ascended higher, to "God", to 3rdly come saying Peace.
While this law temple had a "Solomon's porch", Solomon a more peaceful king than David, Jesus, as "son of David", Palm Sunday came to it as twain: King (Solomon) & prophet (Nathan): Mt 21:5-11, as if 2 Sons: of God & of man, on 2 animals: ass & colt, with 2 multitudes: driven & led, said this is Jesus "prophet of Nazareth", also crucified as King of Jews. 
Seems because Jesus was still 2 Sons with 2 nice & nasty voices in Mt-Acts, it's why in Rom→fwd there's no more mention of Son of man, only Son of God, as the gospel of "Christ", of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ"; And then it's Grace unto you, and peace, from God[Theos] our Father; Not OT LORD[Yehovah] many nice & nasty folk still call Father. 
Seems many good people see God as Father is love, from 1John, but then some also say no more need for grace, as if unaware it's only plausible for God to have have mercy upon all by having a "throne of grace", where "mercy" obtainable; But no mercy in John, nor in 1John, nor in Revelation. Hmmm.
Seems many good people still see Father as OT←LORD [Yehovah], who creates darkness & evil in Isaiah 45:7, who said he'd forsake you in Jeremiah 23:39, who's day (light) comes as destruction (not salvation) in Isaiah 13:6, because in Amos 5:18 the day of the LORD is darkness, not light (allegory law, not grace). It's why Jesus Christ (grace & truth) sent from the only true God, said in Luke 11:35 take heed, therefore, that the light (grace) in you be not darkness (law).
Let's all have only the graceful, merciful, peaceful Father. 
Interesting "mystery" details being made kNOWn by Spirit of truth.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

