---
title: "post 2206"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\September\post_2206.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2021
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:01:59.408794
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Which of 4458 "God" mentions is "the only true God" to kNOW?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Seems there's a lot of debate about God, ranging from wrathful to graceful, merciful, peaceful; Based on interpretations of a biblical story containing mythology, genealogy, allegory, mystery. 
Seems some debaters say God is a hater, from Proverbs 6:16-20, without the awareness that's about LORD [Yehovah], not God. 
Most discussers agree God is a Creator; Yet seem unaware a LORD [Yehovah] Isaiah 45:7 said he creates evil (reverse of live), and Isaiah 13:6 had said his day comes as destruction (not salvation). 
Many say "God is love", is what you are; Yet seldom if ever mention there's the "God of all grace" who will make you perfect after a temporal suffer mode. Some will even say grace is no longer needed by anyone.
I only like "the only true God", which "cannot lie" nor die. Seems to me that God is "the God of all comfort", and the God who "upbraideth not" we may ask for wisdom, to then get His wisdom "from above" that is "first pure". To me it's the "God of all grace", is all grace (no law at all), like that God is light (no darkness at all). 
Jude contrasts LORD [Yehovah] vs God [Theos] our Saviour, noting LORD both saved & destroyed after, so the only wise God is God our Saviour, who in 1Tim 2:4 will have all saved (none destroyed) AND come unto the knowledge [epi-gnosis, higher than gnosis] of the truth.
What's your interpretation of the only true God?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

