---
title: "post 2945"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\August\post_2945.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T11:53:31.725341
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Modern Bibles & King James Version DIFFER.
Let's investigate this DIFFER, 
to see why KJV Translators did this:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
It seems, for me, the KJV uses BOTH (as if for CONTRAST):
both "Ghost" & "Spirit" for 'pneuma', as if different Comforters.
both "favour" & "grace" for 'charis', but grace is "much more".
both "love" & "charity" for 'agage', but "charity never faileth".
Modern Bibles that CHANGE "Ghost" to "Spirit", and CHANGE "charity" to "love", seem to thereby CONTRADICT themselves by so do: as if to thereby mix, instead of contrast, contrary things:
- never (ever) forgiveness vs forgiven all, are contrary,
- wax cold (for many) vs never fails any, are contrary. 
And 
seem to thereby miss the allegoric CONTRAST of both used in KJV. 
Also, two Greek words, as if for allegory contrast of English:
both rhema(Eph 6:17) & logos(Heb 4:12) for "word" of God.
both strepho(Mt 18:3) & epistrepho(Lk 22:32) for "converted".
both gnosis(1Cor 8:1) & epignosis(1Tim 2:4) for "knowledge".
Perhaps those who claim KJV is full of errors, and modern bibles are better, should re-examine the end of the matter: 
Notably 
modern bibles that change "Ghost" to "Spirit" for 'pneuma', and change "charity" to "love" for 'agape', also (since Y2Ks) notably remove the word "Christ" for the last verse: Revelation 22:21; 
Which in KJV is the grace salutation of Paul (never John), and notably (always) written with Paul's "own hand", 
as noted in 
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV:
The (grace) salutation of Paul with mine "own hand", 
which is the (grace) token in every epistle: so I write. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 22:21 KJV:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

