---
title: "post 2679"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\February\post_2679.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T20:08:22.416953
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Reasoning: 
God isn't both Law & Grace, but Law or Grace. 
Why? 
Both would be an oxymoron: contrary things can't co-exist in peace. 
So 
Paul 
reasons "God is not [author] of confusion, but of peace".
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Although apostle Paul mentions "law of God" (Rom 7:22; 7:25; 8:7) and "wrath of God" (Rom 1:18; Eph 5:6; Col 3:6); He also helps reason that because "law" worketh "wrath" (Rom 4:15) it's what to "put off" & "put away" (Eph 4:31 & Col 3:8); 
As if to put away childish things like beLIEve law & wrath are of God of peace & God of all grace.
For if God were law (works wrath), or even both law & grace, who'd dare draw nigh to God, lest God may be in law (works wrath) mode?
Spirit helped me reason grace by connect these verses:
- Our Father...deliver us from "evil": Luke 11:4 (prayer)
- We are delivered from the "law": Romans 7:6 (answered).
For law, by being both good & "evil" is lastly reverse of "live".
So to think law (wrath) is of God is to think death is of God.
But WHERE no law, THERE no transgression: Rom 4:15, 
and 
WHEN there is no law: Rom 4:8; 5:13, THEN no sin is imputed. 
For we are not under the law, but under grace: Rom 6:14.
Yet it seems because grace will not force itself on anyone, we need to reckon ourselves dead to sin to be alive unto God; 
As if dead to the law is then alive unto Grace, mercy, and peace.
To help with our mind reckoning process the Spirit of truth is sent to guide us, as if through a minefield of mystery twists, yet will not force feed, but prompts us to study & ponder things, then provides revelation to help replace ignorance with awareness.
So in the biblical end to endure unto there is no mention of law, sin, death, nor mention of wrath, but only of:
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. 
Amen.

