---
title: "post 2736"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\March\post_2736.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:48:13.131634
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M-a--rc----------h---11--,---202-----3---
---

## Content

NEITHER OF TWAIN. 
Some biblical examples of this 3rd of 3 aspect:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Spirit of truth helped me see there's not only better of twain sides we can be, but also a higher calling, like a 3rd aspect that's above and beyond two sides, as then being as if neither of twain. 
Examples:
Grace is neither of
"law" of sin and death vs "law" of the Spirit (Rom 8:2).
All is neither of 
many vs few (still in twain broad vs narrow modes). 
So 
a "more excellent way", as 3rd way best for all (1Cor 12:31-13:1-13) is described as being "greatest" of "three" (1Cor 13:13).
So 
"greatest" of "three" is neither of
"great" vs "greater" modes.
Perfect 'aner' kind of "man" of God is neither of 
"children" of the wicked vs "children" of God. 
So 
1Cor 14:20 & Eph 4:13,14 said "be no more children",
for in "children" mode there is still malice to put away.
Gal 4:1-7's "no more a servant, but a son" is neither of
"servants" of sin vs "servants" of righteousness 
(which Paul firstly contrasted in Rom 6:17,18).
So then in Rom 12:2b's three aspects of the will of God, 
the 3rd being perfect is then neither of 
good vs acceptable.
It's allegory like best of 3 is neither of
good vs better.
It's allegory like Hot is neither of
cold vs LukeWarm.
Heb 13:9b's heart established "with grace" is as then neither of 
2 under modes: "under the law" vs "under grace".
So in "Christ" all made alive is neither of 
Adam1 vs Adam2 in 1Cor 15:22-45, 
(for as in "Adam" all die would include first & last "Adam").
"Eternal life" promised by God "cannot lie": Titus 1:2 is neither of
 OT "everlasting life" vs NT "life everlasting".
(everlasting life ends in Rom 6:22, life everlasting ends in 1Tim 1:16)
Perfect is come, in 1Cor 13:10, so part be done away, is neither of
"their part" vs "your part" in 1Pet 4:14.
Heaven of "God", "higher than the heavens" on high, is neither of
twain Left/Right "heavens" (plural) of a "Majesty" on "high". 
Perhaps why, in Rom 12:16 Paul said "mind not high things(plural)", and Paul twice said "be not highminded".
It makes "all truth", noted in John 16:13, as if being neither of 
OT lie vs NT lie/truth duality, (as neither being our true reality).
The (higher) God of "all grace", in 1Pet 5:10, who will make you perfect [katartizo], is neither of 
OT law vs NT law/grace duality.
Seems 
Our all grace & all truth Reality is neither 
side of ill-u-sion.
What are your insights about 3rd of 3 is neither of twain?
The grace of our Lord Jesus → Christ be with you all. Amen.

