---
title: "post 1614"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\December\post_1614.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:11:53.703210
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

God who "upbraideth not": James 1:5? Let's notice how that differs with Jesus "upbraided" both before (Mt 11:20) and after the cross (Mk 16:14), and ask why? Let's investigate.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
James 1:5 KJV
If 
any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all [men] liberally, and "upbraideth not", and it shall be given him.
When Spirit prompted me to see there's a nice only God who "upbraideth not" I could ask for wisdom, I was dumbfounded. For I recalled how Jesus "upbraided" in Mt 11:20 & Mk 16:14; And how traditional God chastens and scourages every son.
Spirit had me notice we have to "ask" that nice God for His wisdom. Then spiritually explained that God is so graceful, merciful, peaceful he will not force himself on anyone, nor interfere; Just observes, as if in a cloaked mode, and patiently waits to be asked. Then I recalled JC said "ask" in Mt 7:7.
So I reasoned I should humbly ask, accordingly to James 1:5-8 KJV; As if asking in faith, nothing wavering, as if asking for grace and truth after having had my fill of law and lies.
Then I began to get an abundance of revelations from the Spirit, as if connecting dots and assembling puzzle pieces; Amazed at how much I had to unlearn about traditional religious things, to re-learn new spiritual things, and see things in Bible mystery I'd not noticed, but were always there.
For example, why Jesus "upbraided" in Mt 11:20 & Mk 16:14 was because there's no grace, yet, in Mt & Mk; None even mentioned until Luke 2:40. So after the cross, even when resurrected & first ascended, he still "upbraided" & "damned" when returning to the eleven in Mk 16:14-18.
But Mk 16:19 notes he re-ascended to be sat on right hand of "God" (not Majesty); For Hebrews 1:3...13 notes he'd only 1st ascended to be sat on right hand of a "Majesty" on "high", but there still had "enemies" (as if still having "enmity" = "law").
So it makes a God who "upbraideth not" as if a higher God than a Majesty on high still having plural heavens. It's why Paul said be not high-minded, mind not high things (plural).
So I now encourage others to investigate James 1:5-8, and ask the God who upbraideth not for His wisdom accordingly.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

