---
title: "post 1656"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\February\post_1656.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2019
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:20:51.393027
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

If using duality contrasts, always let such twain end Positive. 
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ contrasted what God is not vs God is; But his contrast ended Positive: "He is not the God of the dead, but the God of the living": Mt 22:32; Mk 12:27; Lk 20:38. (As if to thereby allegory say God is not law = lie, but grace = truth).
Paul's contrast of God is not, but is, also ended Positive: "God is not [the author] of confusion, but of peace": 1Cor 14:33.
Although ok to contrast plural & contrary things, as lie/truth, law/grace, sacrifice/mercy, division/peace; When we use duality contrasts, it should always end Positive. Why? Seems law/grace duality contrasts are all as contrary as death/life.
Law, as both good and evil (lastly reverse of live), badly ends twain. Jesus gave examples of how law's twain things end bad in Mt 12:30-37: with or against, gather or scatter, forgiven or not forgiven, tree fruit good or corrupt, good things + evil things, justified + condemned. All such law twains end badly.
Spirit of truth will guide you into "all truth" (above lie/truth) to know the only true God of "all comfort" is God of "all grace".
Seems why there's also NT God clarifiers saying God is only one thing (without mention of duality contrast):
- God is a Spirit: John 4:24 (as if not also a Ghost)
- the only true God: John 17:3 (as if not also false)
- God only wise: Romans 16:27 (as if not also foolishness)
- the God of all comfort: 2Corinthians 1:3 (is no discomfort)
- God is one: Galatians 3:20
- God our Saviour: 1Tim 1:1...Jude 1:25 (not also destroyer)
- God that liberally giveth to all: James 1:5 (not an upbraider)
- God of all grace: 1Peter 5:10 (not law nor law/grace duality)
- the only wise God our Saviour: Jude 1:25 
I excluded 1John 1:5 because it's light/darkness contrast last mentions darkness: that God is light, and in him there is no darkness at all; Also his plural spirits contrast in 1Jn 4:6 last mentions error: spirit of truth and spirit of error; Also his God is love last mentions a day of judgment & fear & torment.
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus Christ" [be/is] with you all. Amen.

