---
title: "post 0761"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\April\post_0761.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T18:33:57.545796
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M----a--rc-h---------1--1--,--------20-16
---

## Content

Some bad/good Bible things I learned about apostle Peter:
- gets called Satan (adversary), in Mt 16, after say Jesus = Christ, kinda like saying NotPeace = Peace, or BetterLaw = Grace; Yet not  by Son of God (will not accuse: Jn 5:45), but by Son of man, notably after Jesus "turned" (as if from Son of God to Son of man)
- gets foretold he'll be 'epistrepho' converted, in Lk 22:32 (not like 'strepho' converted in Mt 18:3), so that then 
he'll strengthen (not dissimulate) brethren
- was probably disciple who asked Jesus, in Lk 11:1, to teach them to pray like John the Baptist taught disiples, resulting in a leavened prayer (forgive us as we forgive) thought to be of JC. Not.
- gets told to forgive 70 x 7 = 490 times, but in Acts 5 didn't forgive Ananias & Sapphira once, but killed them, by invoking Mt 12:32 & Mk 3:29. Result: great fear (not love) came upon whole church
- still dissimulated at Antioch in Acts 11 where they were first called Christians (plural), and did so to the point it got Joses (surnamed Barnabas) so carried away he fault with Saul (not yet Paul till Acts 13) and Barnabas returned home to Cyprus
- lastly shares (2Pet 3:18 KJV): "Grow in grace, and in the knowledge* of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. To him [be] glory both now and for ever. Amen".  
(*note: this is still 'gnosis' knowledge, which in 1Cor 13:8 KJV shall vanish away; so not yet 'epignosis' knowledge of truth that God our Saviour will have all men come unto after saved in 1Tim 2:4).
- so Peter probably was 1st RC Pope (as Cephas), who's 1st Bishop was John, who perhaps bewitched churches of Galatia (both named in Gal 2 as 'seemed' to be pillars, prior to Gal 3 ask: Who bewitched you?... in a book written unto the churches).
ALSO Good Stuff: re Peter:
- noted in 1Pet 1:9 KJV that your faith only saves your soul (not your spirit), so in 2Pet 1:5-10 KJV also gives list of upgrades to add to soul saved, for also salvation of spirit, topping the list with "charity" (not love) to end blindness of brotherly kindness.
- noted in 1Pet 5:10 KJV how suffer = in CJ mode (reverse of JC), and such is only the before of before/after; Whereas the after→ward = made perfect by the God of all grace (no law at all), then also 3 things more: stablished, strengthened, settled. 
Point: SweetOnly = GraceOnly comes After of such Before/After. Before it was Law = both Sweet & Bitter = suffer. Seems the contrast is help realize AllGrace doesn't have any Bitterness.

