---
title: "post 1085"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\March\post_1085.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2017
comments: 8
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T20:07:01.684578
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

THROUGH? No doubt Jesus is an integral & first part of Jesus Christ. Yet what if we also notice Jesus was only called Saviour of Israel: Acts 5:31; 13:23, But Christ is called Saviour of the world: John 4:42; 1John 4:14. So... 
It kinda makes his Christ mode MORE than his Jesus mode, of THROUGH our Lord Jesus→Christ. It takes us...
- "THROUGH him" = save the world: John 3:17
- "THROUGH his name" (Jesus→Christ): John 20:31
- 
"THROUGH (our Lord) Jesus→Christ": Romans x8
So THROUGH Jesus→Christ takes us to the gospel of Christ.
Some discussion points:
- in 2SonsJesus mode, Jesus twice said he'd neither "send" nor "give" peace on earth: Mt 10:34; Lk 12:51; So... 
-- in Mt 1's singular "generation" ('genesis', not 'genea') of Jesus Christ, it neither begins with Adam nor ends with Jesus, but begins with Abraham (to whom TheSeed promised) & goes on THROUGH   Jesus "UNTO Christ" (TheSeed: Gal 3:16).
-- Lk 2:11-14's heralding of "on earth peace" was about "Christ".
-- Lk 13:32 notes Jesus was not [yet] perfected before the cross, not even when casting out devils nor doing cures; But he also said "I shall be" perfected.
-- In Mt-Acts he's 2SonsJesus: Son of man + Son of God; But no mention of Son of man beyond Acts 7:56, only Son of God.
-- In Romans 5:1 it notes we have peace with God "THROUGH our Lord Jesus→Christ"; As if not [yet] in Jesus mode.
etc

