---
title: "post 1648"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\January\post_1648.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T09:52:19.264735
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

gift(dorea, doron) of God & free gift(charisma) of God? Let's investigate.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Interesting to notice the "gift" of God, in Mt-Acts, is still called 'dorea' & 'doron', in greek; But in Romans-fwd Paul begins to call it a "spiritual" & "free" gift (charisma) of righteousness, "by grace", freely given us by one man: "Jesus Christ": Romans 5.
Then 
in Romans 6:23b Paul even further clarifies the free "gift" (charisma) of God is "eternal life", and also clarifies it's  "through" Jesus→Christ our Lord; Later noting in Rom 10:4 "Christ is the end of the law for righteousness". So...
The "free gift of God": "eternal life", is not only by Jesus Christ, but "through" Jesus→Christ=the end of the law. For in his "Jesus" mode he was still only "change of the law" (noted in Mt 5:43,44 & Heb 7:12). But in "Christ" mode is the end of the law (enmity), which he abolished to be our peace: Eph 2:15.
What's also interesting to notice is, b/c the free gift of God is further clarified as "eternal life", both by & through J→C:
- we then find the (OT term) "everlasting life" ends in Rom 6:22, when compared with "eternal life" in Rom 6:23; and 
- even the (NT term) "life everlasting" (reverse of everlasting life) also ends in 1Tim, when compared with "eternal life", which in 1Tim 6:12b is a higher calling than "fight" mode; 
- Leaving us with only "eternal life", as the only "life" phrase promised us by the God that "cannot lie": Titus 1:2.
So then, free gift of God: "eternal life" (His righteousness) is much more than OT/NT "everlasting life", and even more than NT "life everlasting". It's "eternal life", which has no beginning nor end (like both "everlasting life" & "life everlasting" do). 
Seems the point is by "eternal life" being the free gift of God, of His righteousness, by grace, by & through J→C, it helps us put an end to thought of dying; Especially by having no mention of law (sin, death) in the end of the story:
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

