---
title: "post 2693"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\February\post_2693.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T20:09:49.576651
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

$upport/Weapons: "for as long as it takes": 
(MSM mantra of USA/NATO/EU leaders to Zelenskyy/Ukraine).
Questions: what's the "it" of "as long as IT takes? 
How l-o-n-g might such take? 
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
As Ukraine - Russia conflict (SMO) nears one year mark, it is interesting to notice (from above MSM news reports and censorship) some events reported by some alternative media, 
such as:
Seymour Hersch, a world-renowned (credible) journalist, has put out a lengthy article on How USA bombed the Nord Stream pipeline from Russia to Germany. WOW. If true, it kinda makes it an 'act of war' committed for USA/Norway. Hmmm...
Former Israel PM Bennet, via a long interview, revealed how the peace deal he tried to negotiate got sabotaged by collective west; As if to deliberately and intentionally prolong the war. Hmmm...
Ukraine Zelenskyy and former leaders of France and Germany openly/publicly revealed they never intended to honor Minsk accords, but only agreed they would in order to fool Putin/Russia into giving Ukraine time it needed to upgrade it's (azov) military.
Zelenskyy came right out and said Ukraine is fighting a proxy war for USA/NATO/EU against Russia, thereby shedding it's blood for such; So, USA/NATO/EU better give him all he asks for to do such.  
... just to mention a few things noted by alternative media.
What are your thoughts & insights about such recent events?
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

