---
title: "post 1903"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\February\post_1903.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2020
comments: 3
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:13:04.487777
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Revelation? Could it be written & signed by Paul, if Rev 22:21 KJV is Paul's salutation, always written by his own hand?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
It's common to ass-u-me John wrote Revelation, it mentions John 5 times, and scholars say so; But there's evidence Paul may have wrote it as a spoof on John got "turned" to what's "behind" him, as a dog "turned" back to his own vomit: law; And b/c 
John bewitched 7 churches Paul established in Asia.
Else, why would John call himself a "servant" in Rev 1:1, if in John 15:15 it noted "servants" are know nots? So let's consider some evidence Paul may be author of Revelation:
1. Rev 22:21 KJV is Paul's (not John's) salutation, he'd thrice noted he always lastly penned such grace salutation with his own hand: 1Cor 16:21-23; Col 4:18; 2Thess 3:17. John never used such a grace salutation in any of his writings.
2. Acts 20:4 notes 7 who accompanied Paul into Asia (later called Galatia) to establish 7 churches therein, which later got bewitched by another gospel. Paul cleverly names John in Gal 2:9, then Gal 3:1 asks "who" bewitched you? Hmmm.
7 churches in Revelation 2 & 3 may be churches of Galatia, and of 7 who accompanied Paul into Asia, we know 3John wrote to Gaius, as if to flatter & turn against Paul. 2Tim 1:15 notes all in Asia got turned away from Paul, perhaps by John.
3. John never mentions "revelation", but Paul does 10 times. 
4. Original pre-1900 title of Revelation was: The Revelation (uncovering) of St John the Divine (as if allegory uncovering  of a saint  named John, thought to be divine).
5. Seven times in Rev 2 & 3 it says: He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith "unto the churches", and Galatians is the book written "unto the churches". Rev 2 & 3 only writes to the angel (minister) of each church. Hmmm.
6. Peter mentions having read all Paul's epistles, perhaps includes Revelation, for about John got "turned", notes in 2Pet 2:22 it happened, like a dog "turned" back to his vomit. 
Interesting "mystery" details to notice for our awareness sake.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

