---
title: "post 1870"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\December\post_1870.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:06:57.423974
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Son of man ←vs→ Son of God.  Both occur in Mt-Acts; But Only Son of God occurs in Rom→fwd. Let's investigate why.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
In John 5:25-29 Jesus revealed this about himself: while still 2 Sons: NT→Son of God & OT←Son of man, he still had 2 contrary voices saying both "live"→&←"judgment also", 
both "resurrection of life→&←resurrection of damnation", 
as 
both save→&←destroy by both grace→&←law. OMG.
Reasons why no Son of man in Rom→fwd; Only Son of God, then gospel of "Christ", of "through" our Lord Jesus→Christ; is not still 2 Sons (in Mt-Acts), only 1 Son called "Christ", who of "twain" witnin himself, abolished law to be only grace-us. 
Learn such helped reason why I'd been bi-polar for a decade, and can now be understanding of others still twain. Just for awareness sake, I'll note shocking things about Son of man: 
In Mt 25:31-46 KJV Son of man says he'll divide sheep/goats to right/left (reverse of left/right), then offer his law righteous sheep "life eternal" (reverse of "eternal life"), but scape goats everlasting punishment. Hmmm. It's OT←Hebrew stuff. 
In Lk 17:24-30 KJV Son of man says when his day revealed it will be as nasty as days of Noah & Lot, where flood & fire "destroyed them all". Hmmm, it's draw←back to perdition.
In Jn 3:13-16 KJV Son of man calls himself a "serpent", then reverses NT→"eternal life" bwd to OT←"everlasting life"; As if to serpent beguile believers in him. Hmmm, Tricky wording.
In Jn 10:8-18 KJV, after first accuse all others that came before him of being robbers & thieves, he then calls himself the good[kalos = law, not agathos = grace] Shepherd; And notes it's life[psyche = soul] he'll lay down & take up again. Hmmm. It's like lay down law & take it up again; Like in Mk 16:6-18 risen Jesus of Nazareth still "upbraided" & "damned".
Such is not to speak against Jesus, but to aware his duality as 2 Sons was not as law←or→grace, but as grace→&←law; Until of twain within himself he abolished law to be only grace. 
It's why "Grace unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ", doesn't occur till Rom→fwd, because in Mt-Acts Jesus was still being portrayed as 2 Sons. Let's remember it's called a mystery, which has twists to sort out.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

