---
title: "post 2166"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\July\post_2166.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2021
comments: 6
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T13:41:06.816927
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

ETERNAL LIFE
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Last year Spirit prompted me to bible study "eternal life", then helped me see things I'd not yet noticed:
There is no mention of "eternal life" in OT, nor in Revelation.
Things "eternal life" is NOT:
It's not OT "everlasting life" which ends in Rom 6:22 when contrasted with "eternal life" in Rom 6:23 is "the gift of God" through Jesus→Christ. 
Interesting, in John 3:13-16 KJV, Son of man calls himself "serpent", then reverses NT→"eternal life" to OT←"everlasting life".
It's not NT "life eternal" (reverse of "eternal life") offered to sheeple by Son of man in Mt 25:46; Ends in John 17:3 where contrasted with "eternal life". Interesting in John 17 it says "the only true God" to kNOW sent "Jesus Christ" to do a work: "give eternal life"; And he 17:4 said he'd (somehow already) "finished" that "work" before the cross. Hmmm.
It's not even NT "life everlasting" (reverse of OT "everlasting life"), which also ends in 1Tim 1:16. 
Because...
Titus 1:2 clarifies the God which "cannot lie" promised (only) "eternal life", and before the world began.
It's called "the promise", which in Heb 10:36 takes patience to "receive", for "receive the promise" is noted as "after ye have done the will of God". 
Last mention of "eternal life" is in Jude 1:21, says keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the "mercy" of our Lord Jesus Christ  "unto eternal life". Hmmm. Mercy is not mentioned in John, nor in 1John, nor in Revelation. That phrase "unto eternal life" is used in Rom 5:21, as being "by Jesus Christ" (aka as by grace & truth).
Eternal Life seems to be our true spirit reality: our spirit life void of death (as if like pure grace void of law & all truth void of lie).
What are your insights about "eternal life"?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

