---
title: "post 1437"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\April\post_1437.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:04:58.803305
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

More to learn & discuss re allegory aspect of Bible than 1st literal, or even 2ndly spirit-u-all, also 3rdly Spirit-U-all aspect of growing UPward above & beyond go FORward:
- FORward "through our Lord Jesus Christ", to be in Christ, 
- UPward "through Christ to God-ward" for Biggest WOW.
For me, 1st wow, then 2ndly Wow, then also 3rdly WOW...
it's 
been like forward from great to greater mode (for Jesus said he was a greater prophet than Jonah & a greater king than Solomon; But also still talked of "greater damnation" in his greater mode; So then the Spirit led me on, also from greater to greatest of three (has no darmnation to any): 
1Cor 13:13 KJV.
And now abideth faith, hope, charity(allegory as higher 'agape' than love), these three; but the greatest of these is charity.
Why charity of love/charity agape's in KJV?
Spirit revealed even greater love(agape) of many shall "wax cold", of three: cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot (1st noted in Mt 24:12, where no mention of grace, yet); As if still potential to get drawn back to 'great again', of great/greater twain, if not go on beyond greater (as still LukeWarm) to greatest of great, greater, greatest.
Charity "thinketh no evil" (aka no reverse of live) in 1Cor 13:5, as how "charity never faileth" in 1Cor 13:8 KJV... So in Col 3:14 KJV charity can be put on even above forgiving, and in 2Pet 1:7 KJV even above brotherly kindness (mine still had some blindness I wasn't yet aware of). WOW.
Clarity: in no way shared to bash great/greater love, nor off-end any in God is unconditional & inseparable love in Christ, is WONDERful; Not even to suggest KJV only; But only to 
aware share allegory things I later learned, and still learning, by being led of the Spirit of truth into "all truth" (Jn 16:13) of "all grace" (1Pet 5:10). 
Previously I didn't kNOW, yet, also a "God of all grace", who will make you more perfect, also stablish, strengthen, settle you in His "all grace".

