---
title: "post 0360"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2015\March\post_0360.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2015
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-10T01:04:54.450471
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -Ma--rc----h------------17-,--2---0----15
---

## Content

Which LORD, of two LORDs in Plural Psalms, are you praising?
PLURAL Psalms has two LORDs:  
- LORD1: Y@hovah*  
- LORD2: Yahh    
- 
The LORD1 in Psalms 1 = begin = Y@hovah*.  
- The LORD2 in Psalms 150 = end = Yahh.  
Perhaps as DIFFERENT as Law and Grace.      
*re the LORD1 = Y@hovah, let's look at Amos 5:18 KJV: 
Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD(Y@hovah)! 
to what end [is] it for you? 
the day of the LORD(Y@hovah) [is] darkness, and not light.
Seems Psalms 66:5 allegorizes this about such a PluralGod:
"Come and see" how TERRIBLE God(elohyim: plural God) is to children; 
And seems TERRIBLE in Hebrews 12:18-21 is describing Mt Sinai, 
which is different from Mt Sion in Hebrews 12:22-24. 
Seems Revelation 6:1,3,5,7 repeats this "Come and see" four times,
Perhaps AsIf to say Come and see how TERRIBLE the LAW can be;
(turn on the News & Weather, which now report WORST scenarios)
And Revelation's apocalypse scenario, 
about IFF one like NASTY Son of man should come, 
with clouds (perhaps clouds allegorizing confusion) and 
with a twoedged sword (executes vengeance + punishment: Ps 149),
seems to portray such a black sabbath mentioned in Amos 5:18
(day of the LORD Y@hovah = darkness = not light) 
Perhaps AsIf a last state of man that is worse←not→better; And
can morph further backward to Ezekiel 7:24's "worst"←worse,
after which Ezekiel 7:25 says, if worst, "destruction cometh". 
Revelation talks of the things John: notably a SERVANT, saw, 
when he TURNed and looked back at what was BEHIND him, 
and notably when in the Spirit, on "the day of the Lord; 
Perhaps allegorizing the day of LAW, is not Grace-us. 
Seems when in the Spirit of grace and Spirit of truth,
the only thing BEHIND←you is the TERRIBLE Law;
Witch was more like a Holy Ghost than Holy Spirit.
Perhaps that is why John 4:24 says God is a Spirit,
and they that worship him 
must worship him in spirit and truth
(different from spirit of error and lie)
So The End, written to ENDure unto in Matthew 24:13, 
and notably to be saved only, 
rather than both saved + destroyed after if last state worse, says: 
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be] with you all. Amen*. 
*only in KJV, for modern bibles remove "Christ" from their end, 
which 2Corinthians 11:15 says shall be according to their works.
Interesting stuff to study out, ponder, seek, find, apply UpGrades.

