---
title: "post 2929"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\July\post_2929.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2023
comments: 3
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T18:13:09.266294
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -Jul---y----1--1---,------2-0---23----
---

## Content

The "BOOK OF LIFE" mentioned 7 times in Revelation?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
The idea of having a "book of life" people can be threatened to be blotted out of, or flattered to be included into, is not the gospel of God (as if not good news for all either way). 
For 
God will have "mercy" upon "all" (Rom 11:32), and the "gift" [charisma] of God is "eternal life" (Rom 6:23); Yet book of Revelation prophecy has no mention of "mercy" nor of "eternal life". Last mention of "mercy" and "eternal life" is in Jude 1:21.
A "book of life" mentioned 7x in in Rev 3:5, 13:8; 17:8, 20:12; 20:15; 21:27; 22:19 is called "another book" for law judge [krino] in Rev 20:12; Yet to law judge [krion] is to self-condemn in Rom 2:1. 
It's also called "Lamb's book of life" in Rev 21:27. Yet in Greek, "Lamb" in Revelation is always 'arnion', NEVER the Lamb [amnos] of God which taketh away the sin of the world in John 1:29; 
And a "book of the living" which people can get blotted out of is from OT Psalms 69:28 ← BC. 
So, it's Old Testament, and a law concept to be flushed as if "dung", according to apostle Paul in Philippians 3:8 KJV.
The character in Rev 3:5 (many ass-u-me as Jesus Christ) who says "I will not blot out his name out of the book of life", was described in Rev 1:10-13 as being "one like Son of man" (not Son of God), and  dressed as an Old Testament law priest, with a "great voice" as of a "trumpet", and a sharp "twoedged sword" coming out of his mouth...
In Psalms 149:6,7 a "twoedged sword" executes vengeance and punishments (not grace & peace). 
In Hebrews 4:12 the word (logos) of God is "sharper than any twoedged sword". 
Ezekiel (violent OT prophet) was called Son of man. 
In John 3:14 Son of man is called a "serpent".  So...
Revelation(uncovering) 1:10-12 reveals John got "turned" to what's "behind" him, which 2Peter 2:22 says happened, like a dog "turned" to his own vomit (Allegory: as if got "turned" back to OT law). 
It kinda makes reference to a "book of life" as being OT law.
What are your insights about such "book of life" in Revelation?
Thank God Revelation ends well, for all, with Paul's pure grace salutation 2Thess 3:17,18 says is always written with his own hand:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

