---
title: "post 2577"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\November\post_2577.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2022
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:18:36.119389
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ----N---o---v--em------b----e---r----8,-2-022--
---

## Content

About God 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Jesus Christ clarified God's will is: "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice" (Matthew 9:13, 12:7; from Ps 40:6; Ps 51:16; Hos 6:6), which has allegory meaning to go learn. Perhaps it allegory means God will have grace, and not law (as in Heb 10:8).
Jesus Christ clarified in Luke 20:38 that God is not a God of the dead, but of the living; for all live unto him. (seems the allegory meaning could be God is not law, but grace)
"The only true God" (John 17:3) isn't false/true, but "only true".
"God only wise" (Rom 16:27) isn't foolish/wise, but "only wise".
"God of all comfort" (2Cor 1:3) isn't discomfort/comfort, "all comfort".
"God our Saviour" (1Tim 2:3,4) isn't also Destroyer, but Saviour only, who will have ALL men saved AND to come unto the (higher spiritual) knowledge [epignosis: more than gnosis] of the truth.
note: 
Jude 1:5 reminded OT LORD [Yehova] both saved AND afterward destroyed (as if being th4ereby being both good and evil law); So Jude 1:25 concludes "the only wise God" is "God our Saviour".
God that "cannot lie" (Titus 1:2) isn't lie/truth, but "all truth".
That God promised eternal life before the world [aionious] began.
God that "upbraideth not" (James 1:5) doesn't fault-find any.
"God of all grace" (1Peter 5:10) is not law/grace duality, but "all grace".
"That God is light" having no darkness in him at all (1John 1:5).
note:
In contrast the day of OT LORD [Yehova] is darkness and not light (Amos 5:18).
"God is love" isn't fear/love, but "perfect love" (1John 4:16-18).
What are your insights about the only true God & only wise God?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

