---
title: "post 2059"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\December\post_2059.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:15:12.285506
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

CHRISTMAS TREE? Does Jeremiah 10 portray it as a "vain" custom of "brutish" and "foolish" people? 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Jeremiah 10: 3,4,5...8 AKJV:
3 For the customs of the people are vain: for one cutteth a tree out of the forest, the work of the hands of the workman, with the axe. 
4 
They deck it with silver and with gold; they fasten it with nails and with hammers, that it move not; 
5 They are upright as the palm tree, but speak not: they must needs be borne, because they cannot go. Be not afraid of them; for they cannot do evil, neither also is it in them to do good. ...
8 But they are altogether brutish and foolish; the stock is a doctrine of vanities.
Although this, by itself, is vague. Yet perhaps it's enough to challenge us to consider and investigate other things about Christmas that we should question; 
Such as:
- Dec 25th is not the birth time of Jesus, which seems to be 9 months later, at Rosh HaShanah, and perhaps provable in Bible.
- It  was Not 3 wise men Nor at Bethlehem, which is portrayed by displays & pageants at churches; But bible noted enough magi (Babylonian Jews) to stir up all Jerusalem plus Herod in another city, and they did not visit a baby in a manger as Shepherds did, but visited a child (toddler) at Nazareth they called King of Jews.
- Christmas is Not the nicest time of year as thought by some; But as evidenced from police records the worst time of year on many accounts such as most thefts, deadly accidents, domestic violence, suicides, etc.
What are your thoughts about Xmas?
Such is not posted to deride Christmas lovers, but to provoke investigation of truth, awareness, and discussion about it.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

