---
title: "post 0501"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2015\August\post_0501.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2015
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T12:20:51.276299
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery: What happens now if it's 
#TheThirdDay
 of AD?
- according to Hosea 6:2 an ↑up-rising↑ (not a rapture) of us,
which notably comes "after two days", so after 2 Y2Ks... And
- according to John 2:1 a wedding, in Cana, of Galilee... And
- according to Luke 13:32 a perfecting of un-perfected Jesus.
Yet 
according to an ex-Pope John-Paul sacrifice must continue;
And according to ex-President G.W.BushJr there'll be sacrifice;
And according to many leaders, Rule of Law = NewWorldOrder;
So according to churchy fearful a rapture, then great tribulation.
According to Bible: Law isn't perfection, but Wrath = destruction;
And according to ApostlePaul God hasn't appointed us to wrath.
Yet according to science, based in f-law, ani-ill-ation scenarios.
So according to News & Weather it's now worst←worse←f-law.
In addition to WildWeather ww, we also have a crISIS Caliphate.
Some pest-imists are even talking a mother of all wars: WWIII.
Some Jews are even talking of rebuilding a 3rd temple of f-law.
It's a mixed bag of drama, with FlatEarthClues also going viral.
So here they/we are, more than a decade beyond Y2Ks & 9/11,
with an UnSolved Mystery of What Happens in The Third Day? 
It is now a biblical time called "the third day", of AD;
And this kind of "third day" beyond false/true Y2Ks:
TimePast←PluralGod→LastDays...Y2Ks→ThirdDay=↓7thDay↑
So it's neither "time past" ←nor→ "last days" of PluralGod.
Time now for "God is one", but NotYet decidied which one.
For in John 1...2:1 "the third day" is the 7th day if counting;
And in Hosea 6:2 "the third day" comes "after two days",
And in 2Peter 3:8 "one day [is] as a thousand years",
And in Galatians 4:22-24 such things are an "allegory".
John 2:1 KJV ("the third day" is the 7thDay when counting):
"And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee"
Hosea 6:2 KJV ("the third day" uprising is "after two days"):
"After two days will he (?) revive us: 
in the third day he will (!) raise us up, 
and we (of they/we) shall live in his sight".
2Peter 3:8 KJV (biblical time allegory is clarified):
"But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, 
that one day [is] with the Lord as a thousand years, 
and a thousand years as one day".  
In Luke 13:32 KJV (Jesus gets perfected "the third day", which he wasn't (yet) at his resurrection; For he still "upbraided", even after his resurrection, and his 2nd ascension only made it to clouds).
"And he said unto them, Go ye, and tell that fox, Behold, 
- I cast out devils, and 
- I do cures to day and to morrow, and 
- the third [day] I shall be perfected".
The Allegoric Biblical Timing Beyond Plural God's Days:
"time past"←--|→"last days"...Y2Ks→"the third day".
4 millenniums←|→2 millenniums →non-millennial day.
4000←1BC←|→AD1→2001(Y2Ks)→"after two days".
So beyond Y2Ks it is no longer called "last days", but it`s now
biblically called "the third day", which is also the seventh day. 
Yet there's still 2 seventh day scenarios to sort out:
- day of that God = light having no darkness at all
- the day of the LORD = darkness, and not light
These 2 are contrasted in Amos 5:18 & 1John 1:5
So, it seems "the third day" morphs into "the seventh day"
once they←&→we ALL DECIDE what kind of Day it should be:
- Either that: eternal God`s Sabbath of light having no darkness,
- Or this: Yahovah Law`s black Sabbath of darkness, is not light.
Aside:
Interesting thing about “the seventh day” in Genesis 2:1,
is it has no mention of both even-ing and mourn-ing,
like a previous six days of Genesis 1 all notably had. So
Hebrews 6 mentions 6things to leave to go on to perfection.
End of Aside.
So far, since Y2Ks...9-11, etc, ThirdDay`s been a coin toss.
Weather is even double minded: unstable: nasty←&→nice;
almost AsIf to help us all decide between law ←or→grace. 
Many world leaders of nations now say this: 'Rule of Law';
But their f-Law ruler seems to come back to haunt them.
Mean-while, many of us say grace→mercy→↑peace↑ to all.
Yet over a decade beyond Y2Ks, it's still like a coin toss.
Revelation depicts a black Sabbath in Amos 5:18 KJV:
"Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD! 
to what end [is] it for you? 
the day of the LORD [is] darkness, and not light".  
Revelation prophecy takes place on a Sabbath day,
for Revelation has 7 benedictions mentioned therein.
18 were said for six days, but only 7 on the SabbathDay.
Yet these 7 are like a DiaperBlessed CoverUp in Romans 4:7;
Not like the `aner` ManBlessed in Romans 4:8 = NoCoverUp.
So if Rule of Law, Mt 10:26; Lk 8:17 & 12:2 UnCover app-lies.
Those looking for an apocalypse just don't get it.
If Son of man Jesus comes again from the clouds,
Rev 1:7 clarifies result would be ww "wail", not rejoice.
For this "Lord also" of this Sabbath is an 'arnion' Lamb;
And 'arnion' "Lamb" bites all angels + smites all nations.
(different than `amnos` Lamb ``of God`` takes away sin) 
Rapture believers say they'll escape it, by vanish; But
Jack Van Impe has promised to vanish for over 50 yrs,
and this Impe keeps popping up like a Jack in the Box,
with another video you must have, by feeding this troll. 
So the "shew" goes on, until we decide based on evidence,
that what's "evident" is "that no man is justified by the law",
so KJV end we're told to ENDure unto has no law mentioned:
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen".
BUT all modern Bibles have removed "Christ" from their end.
Oops: "Christ is the end of the law"=grace. So the shew goes on.
For BetterLaw of Jesus is over “against” some, not “with you all”.
So the third day in Luke 13:32 talks of Jesus getting “perfected”.
Perhaps when this finally happens the shew can end well for all.

