---
title: "post 3004"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\October\post_3004.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:20:45.514192
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

CONTRAST of Comforters by Jesus: John 14 - 16 KJV
Loving Grace, Mercy, Peace (to everyone everywhere) from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Let's NOTICE in KJV that Jesus noted & contrasted 
TWO 
DIFFERENT Comforters in John 14 - 16 KJV:
Brief Summary:
- Comforter1: "Holy Ghost": as if law teacher & reminder; as if OT "walk before me" was DRIVEN.
(Genesis 17:1; John 14:26; Acts 2 - 5)
- Comforter2: "Spirit of truth", as if "guide" into all truth (no lie); as if "follow me" is "LED" of "Spirit".
(John 14:16,17; John 15:26; John 16:13; Gal 5:18).
John 14:16,17 KJV 
(another forever Comforter = Spirit of truth)
"And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever; Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you".
John 14:26 KJV 
(Comforter1 = "Holy Ghost", sent by Father)
"But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you".
John 15:26 KJV
(Comforter2 = "Spirit of truth", to be sent by ascended Jesus)
"But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:".
John 16:13 KJV
(Comforter 2 = Spirit of truth = "guide" into all truth)
"Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come".
Acts 2:1 ... 2:4 KJV
(Comforter1 came at Petecost)
2:1 And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.
2:4 And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.
Galatians 5:18 KJV
(note: takes LED of Spirit to be not under law)
But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law.
Consider Revelation is allegory as if walk through a deadly mine field; So, the choice of Holy Ghost DRIVEN (walk before me) or Spirit of truth LED (follow me) should be Spirit LED unto the end,
which is notably the grace salutation of Paul (not John), and notably written with his "own hand":
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.
Revelation 22:21 KJV (THE END = grace salutation of Paul, never of John):
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

