---
title: "post 2810"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\May\post_2810.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T23:41:50.611521
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: --M----ay-28--,----2------02----3--
---

## Content

New Testament TRUTH about God,
in contrast to Old Testament LORD [Yehova]:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Since many still portray OT LORD [Yehova] as being same as God, let's consider NT things noted about God, as if contrast to such:
God is good [agathos], aka not both good [kalos] and evil [kakos] like OT LORD, which Jesus noted in Mt 18, Mk 10, Lk 18.
He is not a God of the dead, but "God of the living", as all live unto him, which Jesus noted in Lk 20:38.
He is the "only true God" (cannot lie, like only grace cannot law) who sent Jesus Christ (with grace for salvation & truth for awareness: John 1:17) to give eternal life, which he finished doing before the cross, as Jesus noted in John 17:1-4.
God is no respecter of persons (aka God has no partiality): Acts 10:34; Romans 2:11; James 3:17.
God is not author of confusion, but (author) of peace: Rom 15:33; 16:20; 1Cor 14:33; Philippians 4:9, 1Thess 5:23; Heb 13:20.
(note: we have peace with God through Jesus→Christ).
He is God of hope: Romans 15:13.
He is the only wise God: Rom 16:27; 1Tim 1:17; Jude 1:25.
He is the God that "cannot lie" (like all grace cannot law), who promised eternal life before the world began: Titus 1:2.
He is "God our Saviour" who will have all men saved AND come unto the (higher) knowledge [epignosis] of the truth: 1Tim 2:4.
(note: contrasts with OT LORD saved & destroyed in Jude 1:5).
He is the God who "upbraideth not" & giveth liberally to all, to ask for wisdom, and his wisdom, from above, is first pure, then 7 things: James 1:5; James 3:17.
He is the "God of all grace" (aka no law at all): 1Peter 5:10.
That God is light, and in him no darkness at all: 1John 1:5.
(note: contrasts with day of LORD is darkness, not light: Amos 5:18)
He is the only wise God = God our Saviour (does not save & destroy, but save & aware), who is able to keep you from falling and present you faultless. To him be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen. Jude 1:24,25
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

