---
title: "post 3147"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\January\post_3147.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T01:04:54.784266
source: v3.3.02
---

## Content

WHY "JESUS CHRIST" & "CHRIST JESUS" mentions in Bible?
WHY "CHRIST JESUS" is ONLY from Acts 19:4 to 1Peter 5:14?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Years ago, I felt an odd prompting to study Bible mentions of both "Jesus Christ" and "Christ Jesus". Here's some things I found:
Title: The New Testament of our Lord and Saviour "JESUS CHRIST".
Therein such New Testament is also mentions of "CHRIST JESUS", 
But ONLY from Acts 19:4 to 1Peter 5:14,
And ONLY by Paul 55x and 1Peter 2x.
Mention of "CHRIST JESUS" is only by Paul 55x & 1Peter 2x.
Mention of "JESUS CHRIST" is by all NT writers, about 196x.
Matthew, Mark, Luke, John DO NOT mention "CHRIST JESUS".
John 1:17 notes Grace and Truth came by "JESUS CHRIST",
and John 17:3 notes JC is sent from/by the only true God.
Yet,
we don't hear "Grace to you, and peace from God" till Romans,
and such Grace to you, and peace is also from "JESUS CHRIST".
Seems then, 
there is no more mention of Son of man, only of Son of God.
So then, Romans 8:1 mentions
There is therefore NOW no condemnation to them in "CHRIST JESUS" (as if there was previously condemnation to them).
note:
seems the NOW in 8:1 refers to the NOW in Romans 7:6 says:
But NOW we are delivered from the law.
(perhaps as if in answer to Luke 11:4's deliver us from evil)
Mention of "IN CHRIST JESUS" occurs 40x, beginning in Romans, which then includes good things like inseparable love of God, no condemnation, wisdom, righteousness, sanctification, redemption; Yet...
When it comes to reconciled, 2Cor 5:18 says it's by JESUS CHRIST.
In Acts, after his name change from Saul to Paul (Acts 13), it seems to ALSO portray a further change for Paul, from his CHRIST JESUS mode in Acts 19:4 to his JESUS CHRIST mode in Acts 28:31. 
So then...
in Romans → forward Paul always 
- first notes he's now in JESUS CHRIST mode, and 
- first greets with Grace & peace from God & JESUS CHRIST. 
- Then also always turns his mention of CHRIST JESUS around to JESUS CHRIST in all epistles, including in Hebrews. 
Seems in 1Corinthians 1:1-4 KJV it notes:
grace given them in CHRIST JESUS is given by JESUS CHRIST.
Philippians 2:5-11 KJV uses both:
begins with CHRIST JESUS, but then ends with every tongue should confess that JESUS CHRIST is Lord to the glory of God the Father.
note: 
seems the CHRIST JJESUS turn around to JESUS CHRIST allegory portrays turning descend around to ascend (?).
2Timothy 1:9 & 10 KJV also uses both "CHRIST JESUS" & "JESUS CHRIST" as follows:
God... 9 Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in CHRIST JESUS before the world began,
10 But is now made manifest by the appearing of our Saviour JESUS CHRIST, who hath abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the gospel:
note:
although 1Timothy 1:15 KJV said "CHRIST JESUS" came into the world to save sinners;
It is interesting to notice, by search, seems "CHRIST JESUS" is never called "Saviour". Seems only "JESUS CHRIST" is called "Saviour".
Hebrews 13:8 notes
JESUS CHRIST the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.
Although 1Peter 5:10 KJV notes the God of all grace hath called us unto his eternal glory by CHRIST JESUS, 
Peter also then 1Pet 5:14 ends mention of CHRIST JESUS; 
So, in 2Peter forward only JESUS CHRIST is mentioned.
So, the end to endure unto: Revelation 22:21 KJV says:
The grace of our Lord JESUS CHRIST be with you all. Amen.

