---
title: "post 2689"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\February\post_2689.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T20:09:32.678759
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible contrasts re LORD vs God ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Bible gives several contrasts of LORD vs God.
Eg: 
Noah's Ark Story: Genesis 6 - 8 KJV reveals this:
"LORD" [Yehova] DIFFERS from "God" [Elohim],
not only in name, but in contrary commands to Noah:
- "God" [Elohim] said two (male & female): Gen 6:19.
- "LORD" [Yehova] said clean by sevens, not clean by two: Gen 7:2.
Eg: Amos 5:18 vs 1John 1:5 KJV 
contrast OT LORD [Yehova] vs NT God [Theos]:
Amos 5:18 KJV (re "LORD" = darkness):
Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD [Yehova]! to what end is it for you? the day of the LORD [Yehova] is darkness, and not light.
(note: possible allegory: day of LORD is law, not grace).
1John 1:5 KJV (re God = light):
This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God [Theos] is light, and in him is no darkness at all.
(note: possible allegory: God of all grace is all grace, aka no law)
Seems why Jesus said in Luke 11:35 KJV:
Take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not darkness.
(Note: possible allegory: take heed grace in you be not lawed)
eg: Jude's contrast of OT LORD vs NT God our Saviour:
Jude 1:5 KJV reminds OT LORD [aka Yehova] both saved people out of Egypt AND afterward destroyed some. Note: this is allegory like saying OT LORD was both nice and nasty, lastly nasty; As if being both good and evil (aka both kalos and kakos in Heb 5:14 Greek).
In contrast:
1Timothy 2:3,4 had noted "God our Saviour" will have all men to be saved AND come unto the knowledge [epignosis] of the truth; As if to allegory say God our Saviour will have grace and truth for all, such that God our Saviour only saves and awares all, instead of both save and destroy after like noted about OT LORD.
So,
Jude 1:25 KJV allegory contrast clarifies
the "only wise God" is "God our Saviour" (aka not OT LORD).
Jude 1:25 KJV:
To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, now and ever. Amen.
Clarity: such contrasts posted are not to speak against OT LORD, but to aware of the Bible contrasting of OT LORD vs NT God.
Some New Testament mentions about "God":
- the only true God (sent JC with grace & truth): John 1:17; 17:3.
- God of all comfort: 2Corinthians 1:3.
- God of peace: Romans 15:33; 1Cor 14:33; 1Thes 5:23.
- God who upbraideth not: James 1:5.
- God of all grace: 1Peter 5:10.
- that God is light void of darkness: 1John 1:5.
- the only wise God our Saviour: Jude 1:25.
What are your insights about such allegoric bible contrasts?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all.
Amen.

