---
title: "post 1619"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\December\post_1619.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:12:16.420609
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Nay to peace on earth (by Jesus) vs on earth peace (by Christ)?
Grace→Mercy→Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ. 
Interesting how Luke 2:11 clarified the "Saviour" as "Christ" (not Jesus) the Lord, and Luke 2:14 clarified Glory to God in the "highest" (to have) "on earth peace", goodwill toward (all) men. For...
In 
Jesus mode (first "made under the law": Gal 4:4) he first said "Nay" to peace on earth: Mt 10:34; Lk 12:51. Seems why is no mention of grace, yet, in Mt & Mk, none till LukeWarm. So... 
it's not until Lk 24 & Jn 20 he says "Peace"; And notably after Mk 16:19 notes he re-asccended to be "sat on the right hand of God" (Mk 16:14-18 notes he still "upbraided" & "damned" until then). For...
In Hebrews 1:3...13 Jesus first sat on right hand of the "Majesty" on "high" (not highest), and there still had "enemies" (not peace). And...
In Jesus mode, he reveals in Jn 5:25-29, while 2Sons: Son of God + Son of man (OT term), he still had 2Voices: "live" + "judgment also" (as if grace + law also). So... 
we should notice he's still 2Sons in Mt-Acts, but beyond (plural LukeWarm) Acts, then there is no more mention of Son of man, then ONLY Son of God, and then (Rom→fwd) called the gospel of "Christ", of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ" we have peace with God (and with all men). For...
as Eph 2:15 notes, of "twain" (live + judgment also; as if grace + law also) within himself, he abolished the "enmity" (the "law"), and thereby became our "peace". Yet...
in 1Timothy, Paul adds mercy to his holy kiss greeting: "Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ"; As if to make peace 3rd of 3, and thereby (by add mercy) make it a more permanent peace. For...
in Revelation 1:4, where only Grace and peace (from a was), seems in Revelation 6:4 peace first offered gets taken away. Seems why is no mention of mercy in Revelation; As if why Jude 1:21b said look for the "mercy" of our Lord Jesus Christ unto "eternal life".
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

