---
title: "post 1450"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\April\post_1450.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:14:25.013050
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Jerusalem "above": "mother" of us all? Here's some things I later learned, by the Spirit, and by study, about such:
Although Galatians 4:26 does say: But Jerusalem which is above('ano') is free('eleutheros') is the "mother" of us all...
Let's also ponder, by the Spirit, several things about such:
- in 
greek, this 'ano' above is only 1st of 2 kinds of "above" in Col 3:1-14: 'ano' & 'epi', as if high & higher; So it's only high.
- in greek, this 'eleutheros' free is also only 1st of 2 kinds of free(liberty): 'eleutheros' & 'apolyo'. Eg: Gal 2:4 liberty(eleutheria) was in CJ, but Heb 13:23 liberty(apolyo) is in JC.
So then, 
more to investigate, by the Spirit, about such...
Perhaps an "allegory" aspect of Gal 4 may be describing:
them: bondwoman "children" vs us: freewoman "children"
(but Paul said be not "children" x2: 1Cor14:20, Eph 4:14).
So, although being "children" of promise is better mode,
it may still be as if R of 2 L/R (child-ish) heavens on high,
or may still be "allegory" as if R of 2L/R sides of ill-u-sion.
and as if sion side of twain not yet the higher script-U-are... 
So, as if yet more about such:
Let's look at "Sion" ("heavenly Jerusalem") in Heb 12:22-24:
- it's called city of "living God"; But in Heb 10:31 plural "hands" of this "living God" were allegorized as if "fearful" & "fall". (perhaps as if sarcastic "allegory" for still living Law). For...
- "God" therein is still a "Judge", and "Jesus" therein still only "better" speak than Abel, so not yet best of good, better, best.
So, in Eph 4:4-6, there's 7 things that are called one, lastly One "God", but then "and" Father of all = "above('epi') all, and through all, and in you all" So then Father is higher(epi) than this God (7th one), is perhaps still on high(ano); 
Kinda like Christ sitteth on right hand of God in Col 3:1 = above(ano), is higher than earth, but perhaps not yet also higher above(epi): Col 3:14, as if also to Father. 
Hope that rant made some sense, re Spirit-u-all things, can also later be-come higher Spirit-U-all things to also learn; As if knowledge('epignosis') that is higher than knowledge('gnosis').
All I'm saying is there's more to investigate, when led of the Spirit, as if through our Lord J-C, to C much more than before.

