---
title: "post 2994"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\September\post_2994.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T16:38:40.405489
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

THROUGH Jesus → Christ 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
The Bible narrative takes us THROUGH Jesus → Christ, allegory as if going THROUGH 2 Sons Jesus to 1 Son Christ; For there is no mention of Son of man beyond Acts for the gospel of "Christ", which is as if having gone through Jesus to Christ = end of law.
John 
3:17 KJV (world saved = through him):
For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; 
but that the world THROUGH HIM might be saved. 
John 20:30,31 KJV (have life = through his name):
And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence of his disciples, which are not written in this book: But these are written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life THROUGH HIS NAME. 
Romans 5:1 KJV (peace with God = through Jesus → Christ):
Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God THROUGH our Lord Jesus Christ:
Romans 6:11 KJV (alive unto God = through Jesus → Christ):
Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God THROUGH Jesus Christ our Lord.
Romans 6:23 KJV (eternal life = through Jesus → Christ):
For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life THROUGH Jesus Christ our Lord.
Romans 10:4 KJV (through Jesus → Christ = end of law):
For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth.
1Corinthians 15:57 KJV (victory = through Jesus → Christ):
But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory THROUGH our Lord Jesus Christ.
2Corinthians 5:17 KJV (through J → C = all things new):
Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

