---
title: "post 0117"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\April\post_0117.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T20:40:11.437853
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Clarity: grace & truth came by JC: John 1:17, But 
peace & victory are thru J→C: Romans & 1Corinthians.
For Two Sons Jesus = both justification & condemnation. 
But One Son Christ = justification only, no condemnation.
So 
then, John 3:17 KJV clarifies this:
For God sent not his Son to condemn the world,
but that the world THROUGH HIM might be saved. 
And  "through him": John 3:17
is "through his name": John 20:31
is "through Jesus→Christ": Romans x7
For two Sons Jesus = "division", not peace = twain, not one.
But one Son Christ = "peace", not divided = one, not twain.
Luke 12:51 ... John 7:43; 9:16; 10:19 ... Ephesians 2:15 
So then, Romans 5:1 clarifies this:
we have PEACE with God through our Lord Jesus Christ
And 1Corinthians 15:57 clarifies this: 
God giveth us the VICTORY through our Lord Jesus Christ.
Yet there`s both mention of
through Jesus Christ to be in Christ, and
through Christ Godward to be reconciled to God.
We first get in Christ mode through Jesus→Christ;
Then reconciled unto God through Christ God-ward.
Then we become the ambassadors for Christ,
to beseech be reconciled unto God in Christ,
which is through x2: Jesus→Christ→God,
as if from great→thru greater→to greatest,
since only greatest of three things never fails.
Interesting stuff.

