---
title: "post 3575"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\November\post_3575.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T22:44:16.266870
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery:
Why does "CHRIST JESUS" only occur from Acts 19:4 to 1Peter 5:14?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
re 
"Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" let's notice these things:
It's called: 
The New Testament of our Lord and Saviour "JESUS CHRIST".
Therein, the term "Christ Jesus" also occurs, BUT it does not even begin to occur until Acts 19:4, and then ONLY occurs by Paul 55x and 1Peter 2x, so the last mention of "Christ Jesus" is in 1Peter 5:14. No mention of "Christ Jesus" before Acts 19 nor after 1Peter.
In allegory contrast,
the term "Jesus Christ" occurs 3x more (196x), from Matthew 1:1 to Revelation 22:21 KJV, and JC is mentioned by ALL NT writers.
While Paul uses both "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" in his epistles, he first clarifies he's an apostle of "Jesus Christ" and then always turns mentions of "Christ Jesus" around to "Jesus Christ" in his epistles. 
So, the begin and end in Paul's epistles is "Jesus Christ".
Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord "Jesus Christ". It is Paul's holy kiss greeting (to saints in "Christ Jesus": 1Cor 1:1-4, in which 1Cor 1:4 KJV clarifies the grace given them in "Christ Jesus" is given them by "Jesus Christ"). 
For grace and truth came by "Jesus Christ": John 1:17,
"Jesus Christ" sent from the only true God to know: John 17:3.
God hath reconciled us to himself by "Jesus Christ": 2Cor 5:18.
(perhaps to allegory say we're reconciled by JC grace & truth)
"Jesus Christ" the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.
Eternal life is the gift of God through "Jesus → Christ": Rom 6:23.
God given victory is given us through Jesus → Christ": 1Cor 15:57.
While there is now no condemnation to them in "Christ Jesus": Romans 8:1, there seem to be some biblical "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" differences to notice. 
Example:
While both "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" are called "Lord", the term "Saviour" only seems to apply to "Jesus Christ", not to "Christ Jesus", even though 1Timothy 1:15 says "Christ Jesus" came into the world to save sinners is an acceptable saying. 
2Timothy 1:8-10 KJV uses both CJ & JC:
Be not thou therefore ashamed of the testimony of our Lord, nor of me his prisoner: but be thou partaker of the afflictions of the gospel according to the power of God; 
Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in "CHRIST JESUS" before the world began, 
But is now made manifest by the appearing of our Saviour "JESUS CHRIST", who hath abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the gospel:
interesting biblical mystery details to notice, ponder, discuss.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

