---
title: "post 1773"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\July\post_1773.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:37:08.843951
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
JESUS: which one, if "Son of man" Jesus & "Son of God" Jesus DIFFER?
Eg: let's NOTICE this OT "Son of man" Jesus in John 3:13 calls himself a "serpent" in John 3:14:
3:13 And no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven.
3:14 
And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up:
Then,
in John 3:15,16 this OT "Son of man" Jesus, called "serpent", reverses fwd NT→"eternal life" to bwd OT←"everlasting life":
3:15 That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.
3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
So
Jn 3:17 CLARFIES not condemn the world (as OT Son of man did), but save the world (as NT Son of God does) is "THROUGH him", aka through 
OT Son of man mode →to→ NT Son of God mode; 
Allegory as being 
through 2SonsJesus(Mt-Acts)→1SonChrist(Rom→fwd):
3:17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world "through him" might be saved.
Why?
John 5:25-29 reveals when Jesus was still 2Sons he still had 2Voices; and of twain voices:
- "Son of God" voice said ONLY "live" (aka only grace),  
- "Son of man" voice said "judgment(krisis) also" (law also)
So, it's why...
beyond Acts, NO more mention of judge-mental Son of man, ONLY non-accusing Son of God (as in Jn 5:45); And then called gospel of "Christ", of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ".
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

