---
title: "post 1863"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\November\post_1863.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T09:59:21.725474
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -Oct-ob---e-r-2-2------,----------2--0-----1-9-
---

## Content

Worry? It NEVER occurs in KJV & saying Don't Worry can law "concupiscence" cause people to worry. Let's investigate this.
Grace, mercy, peace (not worry), from God our Father, and our Lord J→C.
I used to like the song Don't Worry...Until the Spirit got me to investigate how singer of it (as if he'd sang a song of Moses) soon afterward died in a jewish hospital in New York; And got me to search KJV to see worry NEVER occurs therein. 
Why?
Seems worry (only occurs in modern bibles) is allegory like a law magnet that can attract lastly nasty things like "rod of iron" rule of "law" works (deadly sort of ) "wrath": Rev 19:15. So 1Th 3:9 reminds God has not appointed us to wrath (law).
Seems to say Don't Worry can law "concupiscence" cause people to worry, for both Don't Worry are law words, as if then saying Law Law is Lord Lord. In the same manner saying both fear & fear not can also law concupicence cause fear.
Sadly many don't know law has "concupiscence": Rom 7:8, so law not put away can take law lovers "captive" & make them do flaw things, especially when they desire to do good[kalos] of law, which also has evil[kakos]. So in Col 3:5 Paul calls it "evil concupicence" ("evil" being reverse of "live"). So mass shooters, taken captive, then fulfill law's ministration of death.
Worry is like confusion & Fear hath torment. So Paul said God is not [author] of confusion, but of peace; And God has not given us the spirit of fear, but of power & love & sound mind. Grace only produces peace, so sound mind is grace mind.
Seems in Jn 14:1 & 27 Jesus said "let not your heart be troubled"(aka lawed); Yet even after say Peace I leave with you, my peace; Still said, again, let not your heart be troubled; As if to say this peace wasn't yet permanent, which only later comes when he & we in him put away all law (enmity), to be of twain (grace+law) only grace (only one new man-kind).
For in Mt-Acts he's still 2Sons: NT Son of God & OT Son of man, still having 2voices: saying both "live" + "judgment also" (grace + law also): noted in Jn 5:25-29. It's why the gospel of "Christ" in Rom→fwd is "through our Lord Jesus→Christ" as if thru 2Sons→1Son, has NO mention of Son of man (lastly nasty), ONLY Son of God (only nice).
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with (never against) you all (you & all the kingdom of God). Amen.

