---
title: "post 1540"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\August\post_1540.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2018
comments: 14
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:45:18.069847
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

fulfill? Mt 5:17: mis-interpretation→Spirit-interpretation
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
When I finally admitted I lacked higher wisdom, and humbly asked the God who "upbaideth not" for His wisdom, I then began to get revelations of the Spirit that helped me unlearn many mis-terpretations I'd had about many Bible verses. Eg:
Matthew 5:17 was one such verse, where I did ass-u-me it had meant Jesus Christ (Grace & truth) said he came to fulfill the law. He did say "fulfill", but not to fulfill the law. So here's what the Spirit revealed was the correct interpretation:
Mt 5:17 KJV. Think not that I am (Grace & truth) come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am (Grace & truth) not come to destroy, but to "fulfill" (aka to fill you all full of Grace and truth, until you put away all evil thought of destruction).
For the law was "both good and evil", lastly "evil": reverse of "live"; So law, being also evil, was lastly about "destruction". The prophets of law said it's both saved and destroyed after. So law prophets prophecies were also about "destruction". 
Grace & truth does not destroy. Grace awares with truth until all thought of "destroy" (law) is put away as being child-ish; As if let both good and evil 'gnosis' knowledge simply "vanish away" (1Cor 13:8) to be replaced with 'epignosis' knowledge.
For even the destruction of the Jewish law temple in AD70 did not solve the problem of many thinking evil (aka law), and if many still think evil (reverse of live), they all still cry and die.
It's why, in KJV, uses both "love"(agape1) & "charity"(agape2), when it comes to describing a "more excellent way" than both broad/narrow ways of many/few (neither yet all) , it 1Cor 13:5 says charity "thinketh no evil": neither to punish nor forgive...
Then in Col 3:12-15 it notes, after all old man things are put off (including childish things), then what new man can finally put on is charity(agape2), notably above forgiving one another. For even to forgive first has to think some evil to forgive.
So let's all ask the God who "upbraideth not" for His higher wisdom, to get revelations from the Spirit of truth sent from above all heavens on high, to guide us into "all truth" of the higher God of "all grace", has no thought of destroy (law).
It's why the end to endure unto has no mention of law, nor even of love, only of "grace", and higher grace that is not still over against, like in lower law vs grace duality, but higher grace that is "with you all" from above all law/grace duality.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

