---
title: "post 1312"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\December\post_1312.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:38:53.595689
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Let's Contrast: aka Dare to Compare to Be-come Aware:
- it was "Son of man" Jesus who said this ACCUSATION & CONDEMNATION: "ye shall die in your sins". But...
In CONTRAST we have 
- "Son of God" Jesus, who in John 5:45 said: "Do not think that I (grace and truth) will ACCUSE you; And then pointed out it's only the law given by Moses that accuses anyone & everyone.
So, 
in John 5:25-29, NOTICE TWO DIFFERENTvoices:
- "voice" of Son of God = ONLY "live" (not both live+die)
- "voice" of Son of man = heard from "graves" (aka not live)
- by Law it's none righteous, no, not one (aka sinners all)
- by Grace all made righteous, yes, everyone (sinners none)
Grace (true God) will not force itself on people like Law (false God) does; So it's up to people to decide: Law -or- Grace: Death -or- Life (for ALL). NOT both... 
For 
IF God were both: Law & Grace, then it would kinda make God an oxy-moron: two CONTRARY things: Death & Life.
TRUE God (Grace) can't lie (law), so TRUE God can't die.
So
Jesus also ALLEGORY clarified this contrast, about God:
"He is not God of the dead, but God of the living".
It's allegory for: God is not Law, but Grace, mercy, peace.
The "ONLY TRUE God" = neither lie nor both lie/truth.
The "God of ALL GRACE" = neither law nor both law/grace 
Let's all UpGrade to the only true God = all grace = all truth.
It's why Jesus said, in John 16:7-13, he (as 2SonsJesus) had to "go away", depart, and it would be 'expedient" for you that he did. WHY? 
For then the Spirit of truth may be sent, and when he comes he will GUIDE you into "all truth" = neither lie nor both lie/truth.
So, in 1Tim 2:4 KJV, it clarifies God our Saviour WILL have:
- all men saved (by grace, thru faith), AND
- come to the knowledge('epignosis') of the truth (after saved). 
aka Dare to Compare to be Aware, then help others become aware of this answered prayer:
- Our Father...deliver us from EVIL(reverse of LIVE): Mt 6:13,
- We are delivered from the LAW: Romans 7:6 = delivered.
Grace, mercy, and peace (to ALL), from
God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.

