---
title: "post 3212"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3212.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:11:05.881376
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

SEVEN ANGELS of seven churches mentioned in Revelation 2 & 3 are listed (named) in Acts 20:4.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Acts 20:4 KJV
And 
there accompanied him (aka Paul) into Asia 
Sopater of Berea; and of the Thessalonians, 
Aristarchus and 
Secundus; and 
Gaius of Derbe, and 
Timotheus; and of Asia, 
Tychicus and 
Trophimus.
Seems these seven helped Paul to establish seven churches in Asia minor, later called Galatia.
Seems what John wrote to the 7 angels of the 7 churches, noted in Revelation is what bewitched all 7 churches (now Turkey). 
(Galatians 1:6... 2:9... 3:1... 2Tim 1:15).
Seems why Paul wrote Revelation as a spoof on John getting "turned" to what was "behind him" (Revelation 1:10,12).
2Peter 2:22 says it happened like the proverb said:
the dog is "turned" to his own vomit.
This information seems to support the idea that Paul, not John, is the author of "The Revelation of St John The Divine".
For The End: Revelation 22:21 KJV is ONLY the grace salutation of Paul (never of John), and as Paul noted is always written by his "own hand" (to sign-ify it is Paul's writing).
Eg:
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 22:21 KJV
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

