---
title: "post 1024"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\January\post_1024.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2017
comments: 34
shares: 3
scraped: 2025-11-12T18:49:00.107428
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --Jan--u--ar------y--28,----2--------0----1-7--
---

## Content

How "favour" & "grace" differ in New Testament is interesting to notice, ponder, discuss. Both are used & both mean 'charis' in Greek; Yet when compared grace is so much more than favour. 
Eg:
- "favour" only NT used 6 times & only from Luke 1:28 to Acts 25:3, where "favour" is lastly requested "against" Paul, by Jews, with intent to "kill" Paul.
- "grace" NT occurs over 120 times, from Luke 2:40 to Rev 22:21; And often described as 
being so MUCH MORE than we first realize.
Discussion:
- Luke 1 notes Mary was told by angel Gabriel she'd found "favour" with God; Yet the narrative also notes Mary was "troubled" at his saying. Seems Zachariah was also "troubled" about where Gabriel stood when appearing to him in the law temple. Seems the impotent man requested help to be thrown into "troubled" water at the pool of Bethesda, but JC did not help him into "troubled" water, also after he's made whole & found back in law temple, was told get out of it. Makes you wonder who troubled the water at the Behtesda pool.
- Luke 2:52 does say Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in "favour" with God and man('anthropos', differs from 'aner' man); But Luke 2:40 previously noted the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the "grace" of God was upon him.
- Acts 2:47 notes apostles as having "favour" with all the people, but Acts 2:46 noted they were still assembling in the law temple; And result of still assembling in "Solomon's porch" (noted in Acts 3:11 & 5:12) of the law temple was "great fear" (not love void of fear, nor grace void of law) came upon the whole church, due to the killing (not forgiving) Ananias & Sapphira: Acts 5:1-11.
Perhaps then, we should consider grace as being much more than unmerited favour

