---
title: "post 2715"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\March\post_2715.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2023
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-06T21:34:13.943522
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: M--a--r---------c---h--15---,---2-0--23--
---

## Content

God: 
the only true God ... the only wise God?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Luke 
20:38 (God of the living):
For he is not a God of the dead, but of the living: for all live unto him. 
(note: possible allegory meaning: God is not law, but grace).
John 17:2 (the only true God):
And this is life eternal that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.
Romans 15:33 (God of peace):
Now the God of peace be with you all. Amen.
1Corinthians 14:33 (God: author of peace):
God is not the author of confusion, but of peace. 
1Timothy 2:3,4 (God our Saviour):
... God our Saviour; Who will have ALL men to be saved, and  to come unto the (higher) knowledge [epignosis] of the truth.
(note: save & aware all differs from LORD [Yehova] saved & destroyed afterward)
James 1:5 (the God that upbraideth not)
If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.
1Peter 5:10 (God of all grace):
But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you. 
1John 1:5 (that God is light only, no darkness):
This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all.
(note: seems allegory for God of all grace has no law in him at all)
Jude 1:25 (the only wise God = God our Saviour):
To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.
What are your insights about the only true God & only wise God?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

