---
title: "post 2002"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\September\post_2002.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:48:38.204202
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

ONLY KJV has end notes after all 14 epistles of Paul to reveal things like 1Timothy is "the epistle from Laodicea" Paul told saints at Colosse to also read in Colossians 4:16. Let's see what else KJV end notes after Paul's epistles help reveal:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Colossians 4:16 KJV: And when this epistle is read among you, cause that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceans; and 
that ye likewise read the epistle from Laodicea.
1Timothy 6:21 KJV end note: (The following was added by editors of the KJV): The first to Timothy was written from Laodicea, which is the chiefest city of Phrygia Pacatiana.
Why also read 1Timothy? Seems it begins 6 mentions of "God our Saviour" (1Tim→Jude); Changes Paul's holy kiss greet from 2 things: Grace & peace to 3 things: Grace, mercy, peace; And even ends mention of "life everlasting" in 1Tim 1:16 to have only "eternal life" mentioned thereafter.
What else is revealed by KJV end notes? Because all 14 epistles of Paul, including Hebrews, have KJV end notes, it confirms KJV title for Hebrews: "The Epistle of Paul The Apostle to the HEBREWS" noting author is Paul. For modern bibles change KJV title of Hebrews & remove KJV end notes. 
So, if bible study groups like GospelRevolution, still investigating who (?) might be author of Hebrews, and now think maybe Apollos, would notice KJV titles Paul as author and by Hebrews has an end note (only for Paul's epistles) proves Paul authored the epistle to the Hebrews.
I encourage bible readers to read all 14 KJV end notes for Paul's epistles to see what else such end notes also reveal.
I also aware share Thomas-Nelson's KJV has included the Epistle Dedicatory of KJV Translators prior to In the beginning, but not included KJV end notes for Paul's epistles and changed title of Hebrews to "The Epistle to the Hebrews".    
Interesting mystery aspects revealed by the KJV Holy Bible, which notably does not remove "Christ" from the end in Revelation 22:21 like modern bibles have done since Y2Ks.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

