---
title: "post 2838"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\June\post_2838.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T01:36:23.800751
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Ukraine - Russia Conflict: 
Prigozhin (partial Wagner) Attempted Mutiny Drama Result:
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Seems, according to alternative media, the result of a FAILED Prigozhin (Wagner leader march for justice) mutiny against Russian Ministry of Defense & so-called corrupt Military Generals, quelled peacefully in less than 24 hours, was this: Russia is now even more united and even stronger (not weaker) than before.  Hmmm...
Seems there was almost NO support inside Russia for Prigozhin, rather almost TOTAL united society support for Putin by all mayors, governors, Russia police, military, even most Wagner commanders.
Putin did well, by ordering Russia military to avoid bloodshed, and use negotiation to end the so-called mutiny, to prevent a civil war. Although some bloodshed re downed plane killing pilots & missile strike on Wagner convoy killing some mercenaries, the event was quelled quickly and successfully without too much bloodshed.
Putin put Prigozhin in a checkmate position, then offered him a negotiated way out, resulting in his stop and turn around. Putin called the Wagner Goup, as a whole, "patriots" deserving thanks. 
Seems Prigozhin's claim that his Wagner group had been missile fired on from behind, in Ukraine, by Russian ministry of defense, was proven false. 
Prigozhin did explain his mission was not a coup, but an attempt to save his Wagner group from being dismantled and integrated into the Russian Army, by causing a MofD change. 
Meanwhile, Front lines in Ukraine have not changed, and Russia has so far repelled any and all Ukraine Counter-Offensive attempts.
However, concern remains about how obsessed the collective west and Ukraine media are about the Z Nuclear Power Plant; Perhaps as if they may be planning some sort of nuclear mishap, or report thereof, to warrant USA & NATO troops into Ukraine. Hmmm?
Time will tell, how this will all turn out in the near future.
What are your thoughts about such geopolitical events?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

