---
title: "post 3204"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3204.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:08:45.395857
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

KANSAS CITY VICTORY PARADE SHOOTING:
23 Victims: half were children (under age 16).
Mayor Comment: "NO SAFE PLACE".
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Although 800 Police (law enforcement) were in attendance, they were unable to stop the shooting; And the Mayor noted there is NO SAFE PLACE: a phrase echoed about other mass shootings at: movie theatre, shopping mall, concert, school, church, mosque, synagogue, etc. 
Sadly, police and politicians do not know the ROOT CAUSE of mass shootings is biblical "EVIL CONCUPISCENCE" of LAW. It (law) takes people captive, and makes them do horrible things forbidden by law, such as mass kill, even though law says thou shalt not kill.
Concupiscence: is evil desire (lust) for what is forbidden by law.
So, it's rooted in law, in ignorance of how harmful law was/is. 
For 
law is both good and evil: lastly evil: reverse of live.
Ban/Remove guns cannot stop it, for mass killing has also occurred by stab, poison, bomb, or use vehicles to mass kill.   
Bible reveals: Law worketh wrath: Romans 4:15 KJV.
So, we are not under the law, but under grace: Romans 6:14.
Pure Grace does not do harm, nor receive harm.
So, the gospel of "Christ" = "the end of the law", 
says:
Grace (not law) to you, and peace (not confusion), 
from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Let's be aware of the concupiscence of law,
and 
aware share it's the cause of mass shootings.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

