---
title: "post 2630"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\January\post_2630.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2023
comments: 3
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-06T18:18:00.151805
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Writer of book of Revelation? 
7 clues it may not be John, but Paul.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
1. 
The End: Revelation 22:21 KJV
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen". It's the grace salutation of Paul (Rom 16:24; Phil 4:23; 2Thess 3:17,18), not John.  Paul thrice noted he always wrote it with his own hand.
2. Original Title (pre 1900 Bible): 
"The Revelation of St John the Divine". Original title allegory means it's going to be about the Uncovering (revelation: apokalypsis) of a saint named John, which many assumed to be Divine.
3. John's writings never mention the word "revelation". 
Paul's writings mention the word "revelation" 10 times. Paul's writings open & close with "grace". John's don't. Revelation does.
4. Only Paul used "twoedged sword":
In Heb 4:12 Paul noted the word [logos] of God is "sharper than (allegory: smarter than) any twoedged sword"; Because in Psalm 149:6,7 a "twoedged sword" executes vengenace & punishments, not forgiveness & mercy. 
In Rev 1:16 what John saw "behind" him was a character dressed as an OT law priest with a "twoedged sword" coming out his mouth.
5. Only Paul used the phrase "unto the churches":
It's said 7 times in Revelation 2 & 3, He that hath that an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith "UNTO THE CHURCHES". 
Galatians 1:2, by Paul, says "UNTO THE CHURCHES".
6. Rev 1:12 says John "turned" to what was calling him from "behind", aka a great voice as of a "trumpet". 2Peter 2:22 says it happened: the "dog" is "turned" to his own vomit (allegory law) again. Paul said beware of "dogs" in Phil 3:2. Paul notes in Heb 12:19 the sound of a "trumpet" was at Mt Sinai (law).
7. 2Pet 3:8 allegory reveals 1day=1000yrs & 1000yrs=1day, which can be applied to 1000yrs in Rev 20. Seems it may indicate if Peter had read all Paul's epistles (2Pet 3:15,16) it may have include Revelation. Paul and Peter are reported to have died in AD67. 
So 
true Spiritual scholars now perceive Revelation has an epistle format similar to epistles of Paul; And prefer the early date of pre AD70, not late date of AD95, especially since Revelation mentions measure the temple, which got destroyed in AD70.
Seems Acts 20:4 notes the seven that accompanied Paul into Asia, to establish seven churches in the grace of Christ. Seems John had law bewitched churches of Galatia (formerly called Asia) afterward, turning all in Asia against Paul. It allegory made John as if "thorn" in Paul's flesh. So Paul wrote Revelation (including in it the book John wrote) as an allegory spoof on John getting turned back to law.
What are your insights about the author of Revelation?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

