---
title: "post 1751"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\June\post_1751.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:31:47.162928
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -------M--a-----y2---0-,201-----9--
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
MYSTERY DETAILS about 2SonsJesus becomes 1SonChrist.
Interesting both "son of David" & "Son of David" mentioned, until Luke 18:39; Then NO more of either. Why?
Seems genealogies of Mt 1 & Lk 3 differ: 
- Mt 1 (for a 'genesis' of "Jesus Christ": the son of David, the son of Abraham) it's thru Solomon (king), as thru 40 generations('genealogies') of Abraham to David to Jesus, unto "Christ". So neither begins with Adam nor ends with Jesus, if "unto Christ". 
But 
- Lk 3 (for a "supposed" genealogy of "Jesus", only adopted by Joseph was "son of David": Mt 1:20) it's through Nathan (prophet), who'd tricked David into condemning himself.
Seems Jesus debated scribes re "son of David" (Mt 22:41-45) & responded better when called "Son of David" (Mt 20:30). Yet...
Seems 2 multitudes, driven & led by Jesus, at his Palm Sunday entrance to Jerusalem, both cried Hosanna to the "son of David", as Hosanna in the "highest"; Then said: This is Jesus the "prophet" of Nazareth: Mt 21:9-11. Hmmm.
Mt 27:37 then says: "set up over his head his accusation written, THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS". Hmmm.
Seems, re his "Jesus" mode, he explained in Jn 5:25-29, when still 2Sons: OT Son of man ŌåÉ & ŌåÆ NT Son of God, it was as still having 2(contrary)Voices: judgmentŌåÉvsŌåÆlive; And if both NT "live" & OT "judgment also" get "mingled" it's an oxymoron. (as why he refused "mingled" drink x2: Mt 27:34; Mk 15:23).
Re "Christ" mode, Paul clarifies only "seed", not plural "seeds" in Gal 3:16; And 1Pet 1:23 clarifies "born again"(from above) is "not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth (only) and abideth for ever" (like "another Comforter": Spirit of truth "abide for ever": Jn 14:16,17). 
So NT takes us THROUGH our Lord JesusŌåÆChrist, to be "in Christ", allegory as if THROUGH 2SonsŌåÆ1Son; And allegory as if thru both new+old(don't agree)ŌåÆall things (only) new. 
So after LukeWarm plural Acts, NO "loud voice" of 2Sons, nor judgment voice of "Son of man"; but ONLY of "Son of God", as "the gospel" of "Christ", of THROUGH our Lord JesusŌåÆChrist. 
Note: Not said to speak against Jesus, but Rom 5:1 clarify we have "peace" with God THROUGH our Lord JesusŌåÆChrist.
The grace (only) of our Lord JesusŌåÆChrist [be/is] with you all. Amen.

