---
title: "post 2211"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\September\post_2211.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2021
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:02:29.983118
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

SIMON→PETER still got called SATAN, but conversion foretold: 
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Of biblical characters, PETER is interesting, in that he got Jesus called "Satan" even after name changed from Simon to Peter, but also Lk 22:32 fore-told WHEN "converted" ('epistrepho': more than Mt 18:3's 'strepho' child converted), THEN he would strengthen brethren, rather than thrice deny or dissimulate 
as in Gal 2:11-14. 
Seems conversion of Peter allegorically as if conversion of Satan.
Here's things I noticed about Peter, with help of the Spirit of truth:
- early in Acts 1-5, even though Peter had been previously told to forgive 70 x7 = 490 times, he didn't forgive Ananias & Saphirra even once, but invoked unpardonable sin (Mt 12:32 & Mk 3:29) to KILL them. The result was not good, for Acts 5:11 notes "great fear" (not love void of fear) then came upon all the church.
- even in Acts 11, where first called "Christians" at Antioch, seems Peter wasn't yet converted (and even Paul was still Saul, until Acts 13); For in Galatians 2:11-14 Paul notes Peter was to blame for Barnabas getting carried away, due to Peter's dissimulation, aka hypocrisy of eat with Gentiles, then separate to Jews, for fear.
- Acts 12 gets ALLEGORY interesting, for then it notes Peter gets jailed & bound for 1 day called Easter, then loosed, but goes underground as a fugitive of Roman Empire, to later surface in Italy, perhaps as 1st Pope, perhaps then using the name Cephas (Jesus also foretold in John 1:42).... 
Jumping to Peter's time allegory in 2Peter 3:8, where he allegory says be not ignorant 1day=1000yrs & 1000yrs=1day, it seems he may be allegory referring to himself as Satan in Revelation 20:2-7, where it says Satan got bound 1000yrs (aka1000yrs = 1day), then loosed, and shall go out to deceive the nations....
Yet in 2Peter 3:15,16 it seems Peter may also be revealing he finally got 'epistrepho' converted (as Jesus fore-told he would) by reading all Paul's epistles. Then 3:18 notes his last words: Grow in grace 
Interesting allegory & mystery details to notice, ponder, discuss.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

