---
title: "post 1993"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\July\post_1993.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2020
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:44:07.470184
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --M---ay--12-,-----2--------0----20
---

## Content

ALL COMFORT of "God of all comfort" (2Cor 1:3) is by ALL GRACE from "God of all grace" (2Cor 9:8 & 1Pet 5:10).
In Romans→fwd, when no more OT Son of man, then it's 
Grace (not law) to you, and peace (not confusion), from God our Father (of mercies), and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Then 
Paul first allegory describes "all grace" as "no law":
WHERE "no law" (all grace), THERE no transgression (of the law) is even plausible: Romans 4:15.
WHEN "no law" (all grace), THEN sin is not even imputed (not to punish nor forgive nor cover up): Romans 4:8; 5:13.
That's the "gospel of Christ": Rom 1:16. For Christ is the end (not just mend) of the law: Rom 10:4; Which is there & then "through our Lord Jesus→Christ", in that Christ, we then have peace with God (Rom 5:1), God gifted eternal life (Rom 6:23), God given victory, and God clarity. 
So Romans ends with: 
To God only wise, be glory though Jesus→Christ for ever. Amen (last of 7 Amens in Romans).
Then after 1Cor 13 KJV reveals  "charity" [agape2] is a "more excellent way" than "love" [agape1]; And 1Cor 15 reveals "Christ" (in whom all made alive) is neither of first man "Adam" nor last "Adam" (in whom all die); 
Then
2Cor 1:3 reveals God as Father of mercies is the "God of all comfort", 
and 2Cor 9:8 revealed that God is able to make "all grace" (no law) abound toward you (obviously from God of all grace), and 
2Cor 5:18,19 reveals that God who reconciled us to himself (all comfort, of all grace) to give us the ministry of reconciliation, was that God in Christ (the end of the law) reconciling the world (all) to himself (all grace: no law), so not imputing their trespasses against them.
That God upbraideth not: James 1:5.
That God is God of all grace (no law): 1Pet 5:10.
That God is light (no darkness at all): 1John 1:5.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ  [be] with you all. Amen.

