---
title: "post 2161"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\June\post_2161.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T12:23:41.612926
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M---a--y17-,2---0----2---1--------
---

## Content

A MORE EXCELLENT [hyperbole] WAY (as 3rd of 3)
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
A "more excellent way" in 1Cor 12:31 is clarified in 1Cor 13:1-13. In Greek it's 3rd of 3 kinds of "excellent" (kratistos, diaphero, hyperbole). In English 3rd of 3 ways (broad, narrow, more excellent). So it's like what's best of 3 (good, better, best), and for all of 3 (many, few, all). It's called "greatest" of 
"three" (faith, hope, charity), allegory as if 3rd of 3 (great, greater, greatest). In seek & find it's 3rd of 3 (cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot). So in math allegory it's 3rd of 3 (1/3=0.333, 2/3=0.666, 3/3=1.000). 
So 1Cor 13:1-3 uses "nothing" 2x to describe things "without charity"(3rd of 3) being as still 1/3=0.333 & 2/3=0.666. Such "nothing" yet 2x includes understand all knowledge [gnosis: also called science], and give all your goods to feed the poor. 
Interesting thing is in 7th English Bible (AKJV), which uses both "love" [agape 1] & "charity" [agape 2] for Greek 'agape', it uses charity, not love, for a more excellent way. One reason is 1st NT mention of love [agape] in Mt 24:12 by Jesus noted this: because iniquity shall abound, the love [agape] of many (of many/few) shall wax cold; As if go bwd to cOLD←>LukeWarm→Hot. Divorce, among many, seems to prove love can wax cold. 
Most modern Bibles, including NKJV, had, by Y2Ks, changed "charity" back to "love"; But thereby then contradict themselves by say both "love of many shall wax cold" & "love never fails". So it reasons why AKJV used both love & charity for agape, but charity for a more excellent way that never faileth (never waxes cOLD). As such, charity in Col 3:12-15 AKJV can be new man put on above forgiving, as then 8th above 7, called the bond of perfectness.
Interesting thing about modern bibles changing charity back to love by Y2Ks, is after Y2Ks then both news & weather began tp report "worst" scenarios manifesting ww, along with reported  "death" tolls for such. But word "worst" only bible occurs once, way back in Ezekiel 7:24←BC, so it denotes a drawback to perdition. 
Another interesting thing is most modern bibles that changed charity to love & sometimes changed Jesus Christ to Christ Jesus, seem to also remove "Christ" from last verse (Rev 22:21); Unaware by remove Christ (is end of law) from end to endure unto it might change time itself from fwd→AD to bwd←BC of BC/AD. 
Seems it did. For after Y2Ks then leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law', instead of Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. So because "law worketh wrath", saying rule of law increases destructive wars & bad weather; Also evil concupiscence of law which makes people mass shooters.
So I aware share what I've learned about a more excellent way, and observed in news & weather; Especially since Y2Ks. I also aware share this about the last verse; Revelation 22:21, that it's ONLY the salutation of Paul (NEVER of John), and Paul thrice noted he always penned it with his own hand, to make it known he wrote it.
Rom 16:20, 24; 1Cor 16:23; Phil 4:23; 2Thess 3:18 = Rev 22:21.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

