---
title: "post 1894"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\February\post_1894.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:12:12.486222
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: --Feb---r-ua-r--y6----,----------------20--20--
---

## Content

Finished? Why DIFFERENT greek "finished" in John 17 & 19?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
DIFFERENT "finished"(s) in John 17:2-4 & John 19:30 greek:
John 17:2-4 says "Jesus Christ", sent by the "only true God" to give "eternal life", "finished"[teleioo] that "work" before cross.
John 
19:30 says "Jesus" said it is "finished"[teleo] at cross.
Hmmm
Seems only one of such mentions a finished "work".
- Jn 17's "finished" [teleioo] means to make perfect
- Jn 19's "finished" [teleo] means finish, fuflil, pay, perform
Seems most of Christianity doesn't notice this difference nor ever mention other than "it is finished" at cross by "Jesus"; And perceives "it" Jesus said is finished was to fulfill the law.
In contrast, seems "eternal life" that God, which "cannot lie", promised before the world began, somehow got given by "Jesus Christ" (aka grace & truth) even before the cross.
Seems whatever "it" was Jesus said is finished at cross did not yet prevent him, as risen "Jesus of Nazareth", from still upbraiding & saying both "saved & damned" in Mk 16:6-16. Seems he had to Mk 16:19 re-ascend higher than high at first & be sat on right hand of "God" to return to say Peace.      
Seems we need yet more understanding of these mystery  things by the Spirit; And may need to re-think some things. 
For the will of God said I will have mercy, and not sacrifice.
What are your in-sights about such? 
Interesting "mystery" details for our awareness sake.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

