---
title: "post 1824"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\October\post_1824.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:50:20.681371
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Hidden biblical Mystery (hid in greek mode) to also discover via Spirit revelations, for further awareness sake. An example:
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
There's 9 fruit aspects of Spirit, also 9 mentions of "goodness"; BUT such 9 seem to occur in a 5/4 ratio of law/grace in both cases. Eg:
- 1stly 5 mentions of conditional law goodness[chrestotes]
- 
then 4 mentions of unconditional grace goodness [agathosyne]
Eg:
Rom 2:4 x2, Rom 11:22 x3 = 5 of law goodness[chrestotes]; then Rom 15:4, Gal 5:22, Eph 5:9, 2Th 1:11 = 4 of grace goodness[agathosyne] 
So Also a 5/4 ratio in Gal 5:22,23 KJV's 9 fruit aspects:
- 1stly 5: love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness[chrestotes]
- then 4: goodness[agathosyne], faith, meekness, temperance.
Hmmm. Seems a 5/4 ratio of law/grace occurs in both cases.
I never would have noticed if not prompted by Spirit to search.
Because grace "goodness"[agathosyne] doesn't yet occur until 6th fruit aspect of Spirit; Perhaps it's as if 1st 5 of 9 fruit aspects still law goodness mode, as what's in MIDST: 5th of 9: gentleness: is still 'chrestotes' in greek, elsewhere called goodness, but law goodness, not grace goodness. Hmmm.
Seems why Gal 5:18 KJV said, if ye(do err) be led (fwd) of the Spirit, (result will be) ye are not under the law; Perhaps as if only when 6th→9th fruit aspects, then as being grace mode. 
Question this awareness info poses:
What then, does such say about love: 1st of 9 fruit aspects?
Perhaps it allegory denotes love "commandment" is still law. 
For new commandment given by Son of man: Jn 13:31-34.
Seems why KJV uses both "love" & "charity" for 'agape', as if to allegory denote love still law, but charity is grace, as it calls love excellent, but calls charity a more excellent way. 
Interesting biblical "mystery" stuff to notice & ponder/discuss.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/IS} with you all. Amen.

