---
title: "post 3248"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\March\post_3248.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T18:42:15.572366
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: ---Marc-----h--------1---8,------2-0-2--4
---

## Content

Beyond Acts: 
NO "Son of man" mentioned, 
ONLY "Son of God" mentioned.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Let's notice and reason why NO more mention of "Son of man", ONLY of "Son of God", in Romans→forward, which is then called "gospel (good news) of God" 7x 
"gospel (good news) of Christ" 11x; 
which is "THROUGH our Lord Jesus→Christ", 
allegory as if through 2SonsJesus to 1SonChrist.
So then, in Romans → forwar, it's
Grace (not law, nor grace & law mix) to you, 
and peace (not war, nor confusion), 
from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus→Christ;
Whereby,
peace with God, eternal life, victory, are notably:
THROUGH Jesus → Christ = the end of the law.
Seems a reason for no more Son of man mentioned when it's the gospel of "Christ" is: 
when also OT Son of man Jesus (made under the law: Gal 4:4), he was still both nice & nasty, heal & threaten: lastly nasty (eternal punishment: Mt 25:46; judgment [krisis] also = law also = wrath also: John 5:29; destroy them all: Luke 17:27,29) 
BUT,
as only NT Son of God (aka only grace & truth) he's only nice: I will not accuse you: John 5:45.
Jesus revealed in John 5:25-29 when still 2 Sons: BOTH Son of God & Son of man, he still had 2 voices, saying 2 contrary things: 
- Son of God voice: "live" 
- Son of man voice: "judgment [krisis] also", 
as if when still twain still both grace & law also. 
So, 
to end law also (eternal punishment, krisis, destruction) 
it's necessary to end mention of Son of man also.
So, 
NO mention of Son of man beyond Acts is very good news,
as it allegory nullifies things nasty law things like eternal punishment, judgment [krisis], wrath to come, destruction, mentioned in Matthew to Acts about Son of man coming. 
Seems in Mt - Acts, while 2 Sons, he's 2 Saviours: 
- as Jesus (Jewish Messiah: King of Jews) he's only "Saviour of Israel" (Acts 13:23), 
but 
- as Christ he's called "Saviour of the world" (Jn 4:42).
Son of man was an Old Testament term that changed from small s to Big S in Ezekiel, where both son of man & Son of man occur, a lot. 
Big S Son of man also occurs in Daniel, wherein the only OT mention of Son of God (as 4th man in furnace) also occurs in Dan 3:25. 
Son of man Jesus believers will say that as Son of man it makes him fully man and fully God; 
But 
that does not jive with "God is not a man that he should lie, neither son of man that he should repent" (Num 23:19). 
Paul said in Rom 3:4 let God be true, but every man [anthropos] a liar; And Son of man [anthropos] is always anthropos man (never aner man like Christ). 
But 
in Eph 4:13 coming unto the knowledge [epignosis] of the "Son of God" is as unto a perfect man [aner], as unto fulness of "Christ".
Seems only Son of man Jesus spake of being betrayed of sinners, and of threats of vengeance re such. Seems Son of man accuses. 
In contrast, 
seems in his Son of God voice Jesus noted in John 5:45 he would not even accuse any to the Father, like in John 8 he told the woman caught in adultery he did not condemn her. 
Not condemn, but save the world is notably "through him" in John 3:17, which is later noted as through Jesus→Christ, ending with his Christ mode.
What are your insights about no mention of Son of man beyond Acts, as then being the gospel of God 7x & gospel of Christ 11x?
Note: in Revelation it says "one LIKE Son of man" (not Son of man).
LIKE Son of man: Rev 1:13 & 4:15 is from OT Daniel 7:13←BC.
Clarity: This was not posted to speak against Jesus as Son of man, but to aware about what he said about Son of man, and the change from 2SonsJesus in Mt-Acts to 1SonChrist (aka only Son of God) in Romans forward.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ (be/is) with you all. Amen.

