---
title: "post 1761"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\July\post_1761.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:33:16.478365
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Wrath? Law works wrath. So put away wrath = put away law.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Although Paul thrice mentions "wrath of God" (Rom 1:18; Eph 5:6; Col 3:6), he also reveals in Rom 4:15 "law worketh wrath", and in Rom 5:9's much more that after justified we shall (also) be saved from wrath through him (aka through our Lord Jesus→Christ = end of law = end of wrath = peace). 
Then Paul 
twice notes both of two kinds of wrath (in greek: orge & thymos), should both be put away:
Ephesians 4:31
Let all bitterness, and wrath(orge), and anger(thymos), and clamour, and evil (law) speaking, be put away from you.
Colossians 3:8
But now ye also put off all these: anger(thymos), wrath(orge), malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth.
Romans 11:32 (allegory) puts it this way:
For God hath concluded them all in unbelief (aka in law), that he might have mercy (aka have grace) upon all
1Thessalonians 5:9 (allegory) clarifies:
For God (Grace, mercy, peace) hath not appointed us to wrath (aka not to law), but to obtain salvation (aka be saved from wrath) by our Lord Jesus Christ (aka by grace and truth).
Hebrews 4:16 (allegory) notes:
Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace (not law), that we may obtain mercy (not wrath)
It reasons then, Luke 6:36's be "merciful" is because your Father in heaven is "merciful" (not vengeful nor wrathful). 
So 
James 3:17 notes wisdom from above (aka grace to you from God) is "full of mercy", which is like saying it's void of wrath.
Seems then, reported violence (wrath) occuring in men and in weather may be due to leaders of nations saying 'rule of law'. So we ought to counter such by saying Grace, mercy, peace; And encourage all people to put away law to put away wrath.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

