---
title: "post 1265"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\October\post_1265.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:21:06.898448
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Re What is Grace? It's NEITHER of twain: 
Eg: Grace is WITH you all, so NEITHER of these:
OT Law ←vs→ NT BetterLaw = still "over against".
Although Jesus' change of the Law to BetterLaw is Better:
(Mt 5:43→44's HateEnemies→LoveEnemies=BetterLaw)
It's still not (yet) what's Best of 3: Good→Better→↑Best↑.
For LoveEnemies still has enemies = jeopardy every hour. 
Pure Grace has no enmity; so no enemies to hate nor love. 
For where Jesus sat, in temple, was "over against" treasury;
And where Jesus sat, on Olivet, was "over against" temple;
And when sat at right hand of Majesty, still over against left. 
But where Christ (end of the law) sitteth is above.
So the grace is not over "against" any, but "with you all'.
Eg: as a "More Excellent Way": Grace is NEITHER of these:
Broad Way of Many ←vs→ Narrow Way of Few. Mt 7:13,14.
All (God will have saved + truthed) is neither Many nor Few;
For even though NarrowWay leadeth to life, it's NotYet life.
So after Broad→Narrow, ALSO go on unto ↑MoreExcellent↑.
It's not just New of Old→New, but the ↑New & Living Way↑.
Eg: like Charity is the "greatest" of 3 things in 1Cor 13:13 KJV,
Grace is Greatest of Great→Greater→↑Greatest↑;
Thereby Grace is NEITHER of Great ←vs→ Greater things.
Grace thinketh no evil at all: neither to punish ←nor→ forgive.
For Great mode can still have "great tribulation" to deal with,
And Greater can still have "greater damnation" to deal with;
But Greatest has neither tribulation nor damnation problems.
There's many allegory examples of Grace being NEITHER:
Eg: of TorahJews←vs→TalmudicJews be neither of such;
For Grace is neither of their WrittenLaws←vs→OralLaws.
Eg: of ShiaMuslims ←vs→ SunniMuslims be neither of such;
For Grace is neither of their ProphetSaw←vs→ProphetSee.
Eg: of RomanCatholics ←vs→Protestants be neither of such;
For Grace is neither of PopishPersons←vs→SelfConceited.
KJV Translators noted it in an Epistle Dedicatory to 7th Bible.
Pure Grace is not even better of them/us = duality = partiality.
TheirPart/YourPart still both Part on 2 sides of such DUALity.
When Perfect is  come, what's in Part is "done away" x2.
Lord is longsuffering to ↑us-ward↑, not us-ward→ of them/us.
Our Lord ↑sprang↑ out of Juda, of Israel←vs→Juda hses;
Went higher than the heavens to become the harmless us,
AsIf ONEderful = just us above & beyond Israel/Juda justice.
The ↑grace↑ of our Lord Jesus→↑Christ↑ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

