---
title: "post 3326"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\May\post_3326.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T21:33:34.408987
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ---May---------22-,-----2----0--24-
---

## Content

ZION-ism?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Search of "Zion" (defined as city of David) in KJV bible reveals "Zion" is only Old Testament, never New Testament.
In 
contrast, "Sion" (defined as Mount Hermon) is both OT & NT in KJV. example: Hebrews 12:22 KJV says:
But ye are come unto mount Sion, and ...
So,
ZION-ism is an Old Testament legalistic term.
lately it's in the MSM news as both religious & political.
Some say the political & religious ZION-ism has 3 strands that are complex and volatile (aka violent):
1. Messianic Zionism: Jews for Jesus.
2. Christian Zionism: Lindsey-LeHaye plan for Armageddon.
3. Religious-Political Zionism: Hagee-Pence.
So, anti-zionism is not anti-semitism.
Yet if you question Israel/Zionism you get called anti-semetic.
ZIONISM Definition:
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????
In USA, there's about 200 organizations that lobby for Israel.
So, about 20% of USA is pro-Israel, no matter what Israel does.
And, about 605 of Evangelical Christians are extremely pro-Israel, even when it comes to apar tied, war, occupation, genocide.
USA POTUS Biden said he's a Zionist, or if he were a Jew he would be a ZIONist Jew.
Seems ZION-ism is in the news a lot lately.
What are your opinions & insights about ZION-ism.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

