---
title: "post 1868"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\December\post_1868.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2019
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:06:34.914877
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Love[agape1] & Charity[agape2] are KJV allegory contrasted like Favour[charis1] & Grace[charis2]. Let's see how & why:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Of 7 types of love, 'agape' best of 7, 1st thing Jesus said re love[agape] in Mt 24:12 was: "And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold", as if love of many shall get drawn←bwd to cOLD←>LukeWarm→Hot. It's allegory as 
drawn←bwd to Great←>Greater→Greatest.
Seems, for many (of many/few, neither being all), Love one another may be thought of as if Law one another, because love's called a "commandment", can be disobeyed/obeyed. 
So 
KJV uses both "love" & "charity" for 'agape', to contrast love[agape1] & charity[agape2] as if excellent & "more excellent". Charity[agape2] is therein called "greatest" of "three", allegory as being greatest of great←>greater→greastest never fails. For of love in KJV there's only "great love" & "greater love".
Then in 1Timothy 1:5 KJV it allegory notes NOW (of then/now) the end of the "commandment" (end of law mode for 'agape') is "charity" (grace mode for 'agape'). It's b/c 1Cor 13:5 KJV clarified charity thinkerh no evil (neither to punish nor forgive), so Col 3:12-15 KJV said charity can even be new man put on above forgiving (as 8th above 7 things, allegory as if charity type of 'agape' can be put on above all 7 types of love)...
It's allegory like in Eph 4:4-6 there's 7 ones, one God as 7th, then "and Father" as 8th who is above all 7; Yet and Father has 3 modes: above all, and through all, and in you all.  
Seems 2 KJV types of 'agape' is in same allegoric contrast manner that's also used for 2 types of 'charis'. There's both "favour"[charis1] & "grace"[charis2] used to allegory contrast how "grace" (occurs 100+ times) is "much more" than "favour" (occurs 7 times in LukeWarm Lk to Acts). It makes define grace as underserved "favour" as if LukeWarm err.
I realize this aware share could have used much more explain, but for brevity of posts I just wanted to introduce the allegory aspect of even though love & grace are both of God, that unconditional grace is the Source of inseparable love.
Interesting allegoric biblical "mystery" stuff to learn by Spirit: 
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

