---
title: "post 2549"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\October\post_2549.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2022
comments: 4
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:09:17.293449
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Holy "Ghost" & "Spirit" of truth in KJV,
as if two different Comforters noted by Jesus,
as if to allegory contrast law driven & grace led.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Interesting about the "Spirit of truth" being sent to "guide" [hodegeo: guide by lead = follow me] into "all truth": John 16:13; 
As if guided (led) into all truth is then no more lie to still beLIEve when Spirit of truth guides (leads) into "all truth".
For in KJV it uses both "Ghost" & "Spirit" for 'pneuma', AS IF to note Jesus was contrasting two different Comforters to be sent in John 14 - 16. 
When studied out, in KJV, it seems to contrast law Driven & grace Led, by Holy Ghost (John 14:46) & Spirit of truth (John 14:17, 15:26, 16:13); As if contrasting a law teacher/reminder & a grace guide difference.
John 14:16,17 KJV (Spirit of truth)
And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever; Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you.
John 14:26 KJV (Holy Ghost)
But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.
John 15:26 KJV (Spirit of truth)
But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:
John 16:12,13 (Spirit of truth)
I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now. Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.
So Jesus did not say "walk before me" like in Genesis 17:1 for Abram told  by LORD (as if being law driven) , but said "follow me" (as if grace & truth led). Yet noted in John 16:12 that he had not yet disclosed all truth, because they could not bear it, so would send Spirit of truth to guide into all truth.
Acts 2 KJV notes it was "Holy Ghost" that came upon them at Pentecost. The result of such being the Holy Ghost reminded Peter Jesus had law said "never forgiveness" for blaspheme the "Ghost" in Mark 3:29, so he killed Ananias & Sapphira for lying, so then great "fear" came upon all, in Acts 5:11. 
Paul notes in Galatians 4:4-7 KJV that God first sent his Son, then also (later) the "Spirit" of his Son, resulting in crying Abba Father.
Paul notes to bewitched churches in Galatians 5:18 KJV that it takes being "LED of the Spirit" to thereby result in then being "not under the law".
interesting "mystery" details to notice, ponder, discuss
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

