---
title: "post 3676"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2025\February\post_3676.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2025
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T19:20:21.113038
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

USAID EXPOSED: The Single Largest Criminal Fraud Operation in Human History 
The public’s outrage over USAID corruption is now at scale and mainstream. USAID has been 
fully exposed as an extremist money laundering criminal organization. Here’s what our researchers were able to find when looking into their expenditures and why it’s getting shut down.
- Haiti: Post-2010 earthquake, $1.14 billion was spent on a port and power plant project promoted by President Bill Clinton. The project never built anything. 
- Cuba: A 2006 audit showed $74 million in “democracy promotion” funds vanished without oversight.
- Afghanistan: Millions squandered on health scams; hospitals never built.
- Nigeria: Chemonics, a major USAID contractor, was linked to a subcontractor's overbilling scandal. Hundreds of millions lost.
- COVID 19 Funding: USAID sent over $40MILLION in taxpayer money to a scientist located in Wuhan to do gain of function mutations. This directly led to the creation and release of COVID-19
- $2.5 MILLION to DEI in Serbia
- $70,000 onan Irish DEI musical
- $47,000 on transgender operas in Colombia
- $32,000 on a trans comic book in Peru
- Iraq: $20M for an Iraqi version of Sesame Street to promote LGBTQ Agenda 
- Egypt & Tunisia: $56M for “tourism”
- Jordan: $40M for “schools”
- Vietnam: $11M to fight “trash burning”
- Central America: $27M for deportee gift bags.
- Lawfare: $27M to fund prosecutions of populist political opponents around the globe... Patently illegal.
And countless billions more. 
Here’s the thing: The majority of this money never went to the “projects” they claim to be promoting. It’s just pure money laundering from your tax dollars into extremists & activists. USAID is likely the largest fraud operation in human history. 
I don’t care who ends it but it needs to end.

