---
title: "post 0066"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\March\post_0066.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T19:06:58.232995
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: --------Ma-r----c-h----------2-8,--20-1-4
---

## Content

Bible Mystery: re the "us" & "we" in 2Corinthians 5:14-21 KJV.
4 pronoun cases used: accusative, dative, genitive, nominative:
'hemas' = accusative case = as an object having something done to it. 
'hemin' = dative case = possessor of something given to it
'hemon' = genitive case = possessive and second case
'hemeis' = nomative case = doing something 
2Corinthians 5:14-21 KJV:
"For the love of Christ constraineth US (hemas); because we thus judge, that if one died for all, then were all dead: And [that] he died for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto him which died for them, and rose again. Wherefore henceforth know we no man after the flesh: yea, though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth know we [him] no more. Therefore if any man [be] in Christ, [he is] a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new. And all things [are] of God, who hath reconciled US (hemas) to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to US (hemin) the ministry of reconciliation; To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto US (hemin) the word of reconciliation. Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech [you] by US (hemon): we pray [you] in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God. For he hath made him [to be] sin for US (hemon), who knew no sin; that WE (hemeis) might be made the righteousness of God in him".     
So after constrained and reconciled, US (of them/us) become possessors of the ministry of reconciliation and the word of reconciliation (aka grace). Then we start being ambassadors for Christ (the end of the law). Interesting stuff.

