---
title: "post 2825"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\May\post_2825.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T23:42:54.115822
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: --M-a-------y--2-0,---20---23------
---

## Content

Gideon's American Standard Bible -vs- King James Bible
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
While waiting in doctor's office I browsed an American Standard Bible placed by Gideons, and was shocked at how many things it changed from the KJV. Here's just a few things I noticed:
Gideon Bible (American Standard) changed "charity" to "love" in 1Cor 13's description of a more excellent way. KJV uses both "love" & "charity" for Greek 'agape', but uses "charity" for 1Cor 13. What's odd about this is Gideon Bible contradicts itself by saying both love of many shall wax cold in Mt 24:12 & Love never fails in 1Cor 13:8.
Gideon (American Standard) also changed "Holy Ghost" to "Holy Spirit", whereas KJV uses both "Holy Ghost" & "Spirit of truth" to describe & distinguish two Comforters in John 14 - 16. Again what's odd about such is Gideon Bible contradicts itself in saying blasphemy the Spirit has never forgiveness (Mt 12:32 & Mk 3:29) and God is Spirit (John 4:24) has forgiven you all (Col 2:13).
Gideon Bible even changed "Jesus Christ" to "Christ Jesus" in 1Timothy 1:2.
Gideon Bible removes word "Christ" from the end: Revelation 22:21.
What are your insights about such?
In KJV the end to endure unto Jesus said to be saved only (not both saved and afterward destroyed, like Jude 1:5 reminds happened with OT LORD [Yehova]; The end: Revelation 22:21 KJV is the grace salutation of Paul (not John), which Paul noted in 2Thess 3:17,18 he pens with his "own hand". It does not remove the word "Christ":
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

