---
title: "post 2832"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\May\post_2832.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T23:43:17.365481
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: -----Ma----y--------1----5-,20--23-
---

## Content

LAW: both good [kalos] and evil [kakos] vs GRACE: good [agathos].
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
GRACE is good [agathos]; Never both good [kalos] and evil [kakos].
LAW 
is both good [kalos] and evil [kakos]; Never good [agathos]. 
So in law mode evil is also present with good: Romans 7:21 KJV. 
So, only both goodness and severity if law is thought as being God; Yet then goodness [chrestotes] is conditional ("if") on you being good, else severity for you also: as noted in Romans 11:21,22. 
Maturity discerns (to avoid) both good and evil of law: Heb 5:14. That's both good and evil to discern and avoid, because with law good, evil is also present. But with grace good, evil is not.
For along with law good [kalos] comes law evil [kakos]: Rom 7:21.
So, it's "evil [kakos] concupiscence" (of law) in Colossians 3:5.
Paul noted in Romans 7:21 (Greek mode):
I find then a law, that, when I would do good [kalos], evil [kakos] is present with me. 
So, as a good [kalos] law Pharisee, Saul also had an evil aspect. Hence a need for change from law good [kalos] and evil [kakos] Saul to Paul ministering the gospel of the grace of God is always and only good [agathos].
So, when brethren say God is always good, I now perceive what they are saying is God is always and only grace good [agathos]. 
The God of all grace is always all grace (allegory: no law at all). 
What are your insights about good [kalos] vs good [agathos] ?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

