---
title: "post 1545"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\August\post_1545.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:46:01.791260
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

You?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
There's yet more, for YOU (of ye/you), than "the truth" shall make YOU free (free1 of free1/free2), in John 8:32; For...
in 
John 14:6 even "the truth" is only 2/3 of 3:
I am = the way(1/3), the truth(2/3), and the life(3/3). So...
in John 16:13 the Spirit of truth will guide YOU into "all truth", above & beyond "the truth"(2/3); As if into "the life"(3/3), aka into the "eternal life" of higher God cannot lie nor die.
It's allegory like being guided into "greatest" of "three" (great, greater, greatest), above & beyond both great & greater love; Like in KJV it's charity(agape2), yet more than love(agape1), being described as a "more excellent way"; Which then thinks no evil(reverse of live), as if neither to punish nor to forgive....
So in Col 3:12-15 KJV, of love & charity, only charity can be put on above forgiving one another. For even love still thinks evil, sometimes to punish (when love waxes old), sometimes to forgive (when love is LukeWarm). So our goal is be Hot, of cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot = think no evil (no reverse of live). 
It's allegory like being guided into higher heaven, above & beyond even a right heaven of left/right heavens on high; As why Paul said "mind not high things"(plural), and twice said "be not highminded" as if to both of left/right sides on high...
It's why, in Hebrews 7:26, Paul notes even after the new "high" priest became "us", of them/us, he still had to be, and got made "higher than the heavens" on high. So...
Hebrews 13:25 doesn't  say Law, nor even both Law/Grace, but "Grace (only) be with YOU all". So...
James 1:5-8 says if any of YOU lack wisdom, ask the God who "upbraideth not", but ask in faith, not double minded; For if still double (law/grace) minded, it's un-stable both "ways". So God who "upbraideth not" is above law/grace duality. So...
1Peter 5:10 notes that God is "the God of all grace" (not law, nor still law/grace duality on high). That God will make YOU perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle YOU. So...
1John 1:5 notes "that God" is light having no darkness at all. That's allegory like say God of "all grace" has no law at all; As if no commandment at all, like God is love. For love was/is always a commandment, to obey or disobey. But...
Grace to YOU is not a commandent, neither given to obey nor disobey. Rather Grace will aware YOU with truth until YOU no longer need to be commanded; Not even to Love one another.
So the end to endure unto has no mention of law, nor even any mention of love, but only grace; And not lower grace of law/grace duality, which is still over against. Rather higher grace that is only "with" YOU all from above all duality.
The grace or our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with YOU all. Amen.

