---
title: "post 2102"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\March\post_2102.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:43:56.042829
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Considering biblical "US" & "US-WARD" in Greek mode:
US: 3 kinds [hemas, hemon, hemin] in 2Cor 5:14-21. Why?
US-WARD is [hemas] in Eph 1:19 & 2Pet 3:9. Why?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
I'll just post the verses for (y[ou)r] consideration.
2Cor 
5:14 AKJV re us = hemas
For the love of Christ constraineth us [hemas]; because we thus judge, that if one died for all, then were all dead: 
2Cor 5:18,19 AKJV re us = hemon
18 And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us [hemon] to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation;
19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us [hemon] the word of reconciliation.
2Cor 5:20,21 AKJV re us = hemin
20 Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us [hemin]: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God.
21 For he hath made him to be sin for us [hemin], who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.
Eph 1:19 AKJV re us-ward = hemas
And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward [hemas] who believe, according to the working of his mighty power,
2Pet 3:9 AKJV re us-ward = hemas
The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward [hemas], not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
Heb 7:26 AKJV re he became us = hemin
For such an high priest became us [hemin], who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;
What are your insights about "us" & "us-ward"?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

