---
title: "post 3738"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2025\April\post_3738.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2025
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T18:29:56.716066
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

LOVE [agape1] & CHARITY [agape2]
DIFFER in King James Bible wherein 
"CHARITY [agape2] never faileth".
Let's investigate how & why:
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
KJV Bible Translators used both "love" & "charity" for Greek word 'agape', and for contrast, BECAUSE...
for first mention of love [agape] Jesus Matthew 24:12 said:
"And because iniquity shall abound,
the love [agape] of man shall wax cold".
that's "wax cold" (aka draw←back) of Revelation 3:15,16's
cOLD ←> LukeWarm  → Hot 
So, 1Corinthians 13:8 KJV says:
Charity (not love) never faileth.
Modern Bibles changed "charity" to "love" 
just because both mean 'agape' in Greek;
But then they contradict themselves by saying both:
- love [agape] of many will grow cold: Mt 24:12,
and 
- love never fails: 1Cor 13:8 Modern Bibles.
These are two CONTRARY things that contradict, 
and when contrary things mixed it makes an oxymoron.
Love is a new "commandment": John 13:34,
but 
"the end of the commandment is charity": 1Tim 1:5 KJV.
"love" [agape1] is "great" & "greater", but 
in 1Corinthians 13:13 KJV 
"charity" [agape2] is "greatest" of "three";
Allegory of great ←> greater → greatest. 
"charity" thinketh no evil: 1Cor 13:5 KJV.
"love" thinks no evil: 1Cor 13:5 Modern Bibles.
This is also a contrast when studied out.
"charity" can be put on above forgiving: Col 3:12-15 KJV.
"charity" to be added above brotherly kindness: 2Pet 1:7-11 KJV.
So, it reasons "charity" is a higher form of 'agape' than "love";
Which is only revealed in KJV, by using both for the contrast.
Note: KJV also uses both "Ghost" & "Spirit" for Greek 'pneuma' to contrast in a similar way it contrasts "love" & "charity" for 'agape'.
Modern Bibles also changed "Ghost" to "Spirit", and again, by doing this again contradict themselves by say contrary things:
- blasphemy the Holy "Ghost" [pneuma' hath never forgiveness:
Matthew 12:32 & Mark 3:39 KJV. 
- God (is Spirit: pneuma] has forgiven you all:
Ephesians 4:32 & Colossians 2:13 KJV.
What are your insights about such things.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

