---
title: "post 2686"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\February\post_2686.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T20:08:55.503755
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery Question:
Is "Christ" the "last Adam" 
or
perhaps neither first Adam nor last Adam?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Seems most people perceive "Christ" as "last Adam" of first/last Adams (soul/spirit) noted in 1Cor 15:45; BUT...
1Cor 15:22 KJV had said:
"For as in Adam all die; even so in Christ shall all be made alive".
So,
perhaps "as in Adam all die" could include both first "Adam" & last "Adam",
which could make "Christ" DIFFERENT than both first "Adam" & last "Adam" noted in 1Cor 15:45;
Even though last Adam: second man: is called Lord from heaven.
1Corinthians 15:45 KJV
And so it is written, 
The first man [anthropos] Adam was made a living soul [psyche]; the last Adam was made a quickening spirit [pneuma].
first Adam → last Adam → Christ
all die → all die → all made alive,
(natural law → spiritual law → spiritual grace), 
anthropos man → anthropos man → aner man-kind (in Greek).
interesting "mystery" aspect of biblical narrative to ponder.
Has anyone considered how "Christ" may not be last "Adam" (aka not second "man" that is still 'anthropos' in Greek, which in Romans 2:1 is self-condemning & in Romans 3:4 is a liar), but much more 2nd man, as if 3rd of 3 instead of just better of 2 Adams?
The grace of our Lord Jesus → Christ be with you all. Amen.

