---
title: "post 3250"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\March\post_3250.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T18:44:56.950723
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: -M-a-r----c-h1--0--,--------2------02---4
---

## Content

LET JESUS "GO AWAY", BECAUSE...
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
We all need to let Jesus "go away". Why? 
Because, as Jesus said in John 16:7.......13 KJV: 
7 Nevertheless I tell you "the truth"; it's "expedient" for you that I "go away": for if I go not away the Comforter will not come unto you, but if I depart, I will send him unto you. ....... 
13 When he, the Spirit of truth is come, he will guide you (aka follow me) into "all truth".
Hmmm, 
"all truth" is even yet more than "the truth", 
which in Jn 14:6 was still only 2/3 of 3: 
I am = the way(1/3), the truth(2/3, and the life(3/3). 
Seems 3/3 is yet more, like 
Rom 5:10b = much more saved by his life (than his death).
But 
Spirit guided into all truth first requires let Jesus "go away"; 
Else, like he said, if not, then no Spirit guide can yet be sent.
So where did he go away to? 
Eph 1:20, 21 notes to the right hand of God,  "Far above all principality, and power, and might, and dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come", 
then Eph 4:10 notes he also re-ascended "far above all (plural) heavens", and 
Heb 7:26 notes he also got made "higher than the heavens" on high. Wow.
So, he had to go away, to...
"higher" heaven, of higher "God of all grace": 1Pet 5:10; 
Then it's "all grace" (neither law nor still law/grace duality on high).
Hmmm, 
so that's where he had to "go away" to, so he could send you the Spirit of truth, to guide you into "all truth" (of "all grace").
So,
then, if led of the Spirit, ye are not under the law: Gal 5:18.
To learn that helped me let go of all law, to have all grace.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

