---
title: "post 1696"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\April\post_1696.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:36:13.670649
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M-a----r------ch-------2--6,-2--0----19-
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
FYI: TOPIC: Military...March, 2019... By Stephanie Savell:
USA Has Spent $32 Million Per Hour on War Since 2001 
March marked 16th anniversary of U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.
In 
2003, President George W. Bush and his advisers based their case for war on the idea that Saddam Hussein, then dictator of Iraq, possessed weapons of mass destruction — weapons that have never been found. Nevertheless, all these years later, Bush’s “Global War on Terror” continues — in Iraq and in many other countries.
It’s a good time to reflect on what this war — the longest in U.S. history — has cost Americans and others around the world.
First, the economic costs: According to estimates by the Costs of War project at Brown University’s Watson Institute for International and Public Affairs, the war on terror has cost Americans a staggering $5.6 trillion since 2001, when the U.S. invaded Afghanistan.
$5.6 trillion. This figure includes not just the Pentagon’s war fund, but also future obligations such as social services for an ever-growing number of PTSD veterans.
It’s hard for most to even grasp such an enormous number.
It means Americans spend $32 million per hour, per counter by National Priorities Project at Institute for Policy Studies.
Put another way: Since 2001, every American taxpayer has spent $24,000 on wars. As stupefying as those numbers are, the budgetary costs pale in comparison with the human toll.
Me: remembering pre Y2Ks song: War, what is it good for? Aboslutely Nothing! It can't give life, but only under-take it. 
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus→Christ" [be/is] "with" you "all". Amen.

