---
title: "post 1609"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\November\post_1609.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2018
comments: 7
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:07:27.337539
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Eternal Life:
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father , and our Lord Jesus Christ.
I'm Spirit prompted to study "eternal life" to learn these things: Eternal life is only NT, also only 1 of 4 NT "life" phrases that endures beyond 1Tim. Eg:
- "life eternal" (NT) never occurs past John 17:3.
- 
"everlasting life" (OT/NT) never occurs past Rom 6:22.
- "life everlasting" (NT) never occurs past 1Tim 1:16.
- "eternal life" occurs→beyond 3 other "life" phrases end
1Tim 6:12b says, after fight,  "eternal life" is "where"-unto "also called", as a higher calling than a high calling of God. (Rom 4:15 said it's "where" no law, "there" no transgression).
Titus 1:2 says "eternal life" is what "God, that cannot lie", promised "before the world (non eternal life) began"; Titus 3:7,8 says to constantly affirm eternal life to "hope" for when justified by JC's "grace". Yet...
Heb 10:36 says (beyond believe to hope for) we may also "receive" the promise after had patience & done the will of God: have mercy, and not sacrifice; Not sacrifice because Heb 10:8 said sacrifice, "for sin", is offered "by the law", and Gal 3:11 said it's evident no man is justified "by the law".
So Rom 5:20b said, in law/grace duality, grace did much more abound than law & Rom 5:21b says so that grace might (also) reign through→righteousness→ "unto eternal life". So Jude 1:21b says look for the mercy (not sacrifice) of our Lord Jesus Christ "unto eternal life"; AsIf Unto life void of death, is as... 
Spirit guided into "all truth", as unto "first pure" wisdom, as "above" 7 things, as our BEing "before the world began"; 
As why JC John 17:5 said Father, gloirfy me with thy glory I had "before the world was"; As Eph 4:4-8 notes "Father" is 8th, "above all" 7, and "through all" and "in you all". It's like eternal life IS our true reality, not just what to hope for. WOW.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

