---
title: "post 2067"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\December\post_2067.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:28:03.464811
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Jul-y--1----9---,---2--------0----20--
---

## Content

Book of Revelation: some things to notice, ponder, discuss:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
No "mercy" nor "eternal life" is mentioned in Revelation.
Seven churches in Asia (later called Galatia) were established in the grace of Christ by Paul & seven who accompanied him into Asia in Acts 20:4; But all later got bewitched (by John?). 
Seven mentions of "hear what the Spirit saith UNTO THE CHURCHES" in Rev 2 & 3 perhaps refers to Galatians, the book Paul wrote "UNTO THE CHURCHES". 
"Lamb" (in Greek) in Revelation is not the 'amnos' Lamb of God who taketh away the sin of the world, but is 'arnion', and seems to take away peace on earth in Rev 6:4. 
A "two-edged sword" coming out mouth of the character John "turned" back to "behind" him (dressed as OT law high priest), is mentioned in Ps 149:6,7 as executing vengeance & punishments (not grace & peace). In Heb 4:12 Paul noted the word [logos] of God is "sharper than any two-edged sword" (allegory: grace is smarter than law law).
Time allegory in 2Peter 3:8, 1 day = 1000 years and 1000 years = 1 day, when applied to Rev 20's Satan bound a 1000 years, then loosed, may refer to 1 day (Easter) in Acts 12:4, where Peter (called Satan in Mt 16) was bound & loosed. 
Last verse: Rev 22:21 KJV is salutation of Paul, not John. Paul said he always wrote it with his own hand. What if it thereby allegory sign-ifies Paul wrote Revelation as a spoof on John getting "turned" back to law, as a dog to his vomit?
2Peter 2:22 says it happened that way.
Last verse: Rev 22:21 in modern bibles, by Y2Ks, had all removed "Christ" from their end to endure unto. It may explain how, since Y2Ks, worst←BC things have been manifesting. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

