---
title: "post 3421"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\July\post_3421.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T23:10:40.802991
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Jul--y-------4-,---2---0----2----4-
---

## Content

HOW does "WORST"←BC manifest in AD→ONLY GOES FWD?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Jesus Christ our Lord.
Word "worst" only bible occurs once back in Ezekiel 7:24←BC. Yet since Y2Ks both news & weather have been reporting "worst" scenarios manifesting ww in diverse places, along with "death" tolls. 
Makes 
one ponder if there's been a time reversal, or if some apocalypse ill-u-sion is manifesting.  
Perhaps 
how any "worst"←BC scenario can manifest in AD→time may be this: by Y2Ks most modern bible translations had removed word "Christ" from the end to endure unto in Revelation 22:21. 
Perhaps,
By remove "Christ" it gave place for BWD←BC things to manifest.
If so, the question then becomes did modern bible translators remove word "Christ" from the biblical end due to ignorance, or was it to allow horrible drama to manifest for the hell of it? 
I'd never heard "worst" scenarios manifest until after Y2Ks. Prior it was only worse of worse/better; But then beyond Y2Ks it got worst of worst←worse←bad instead of good→better→best. 
Seems it may be due to what law folk call New World Order, which is neither new nor order, but makes leaders of nations say 'rule of law', as if unaware law works wrath, violence, punishments, not grace, mercy, peace.
What are your insights about "worst" scenarios and "death" tolls reported in news & weather as AD manifesting in diverse places?
Note:
The end to endure unto in Revelation 22:21 KJV is the grace salutation of Paul, not John, and 2Thessalonians 3:17,18 tells us Paul always wrote his salutation with his "own hand":
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

