---
title: "post 1432"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\April\post_1432.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:04:33.059435
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

What, in a biblical narrative, should all be by kNOW? Perhaps already loved as milky-way babes into spirit-u-al children and grace & truth grown into one perfect man-kind by Spirit-U-all. 
Not suggesting flaw to any, lest it flaw all, yet let's consider it's not still a time of Jews nor of Gentiles, but inclusively all now in one body of Christ is neither, be reconciled to God is one.
By kNOW, I mean awareness it's not BC's bwd time 
past, nor still 2 millennial last days of AD that seem to have already ended as dual false/true Y2Ks; Lastly a true Y2K. Yet...
Beyond a true Y2K, allowing continue, some-how(?), as if a rewind to look behind (similar to John in Revlation) seems to have occured; Bwd to the point leaders of nations say 'rule of law' instead of Grace, mercy, peace from God, also news & weather report 'worst' scenarios. But word "worst" is OT: BC. 
Odd thing about this is:
AD time only goes FORward to UPward, so all should even be beyond the fwd us-ward of them/us, to also up-ward us-ward unto oneness, so none perish. 
Yet watching plural news, seems many got Mt 24:12 drawn bwd to cOLD mode of cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot. So let's endcourage all not to stay LukeWarm mix-2-are mode, like a childish-adult, but all go on unto the God of all grace .

