---
title: "post 2055"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\December\post_2055.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:14:49.861221
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WHY are we still celebrating Christmas IF... ?
(only for conversation, not to off-end nor to Humbug any)
Three Best Wishes: Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
IF December 25th is NOT a correct birth time of Jesus (is probably about 9 months later), and shepherds do not abide flocks by night in winter, not even in Israel, then WHY celebrate it at Christmas?
IF a 
so-called pagan festival called Saturnalia got mixed with Christianity (like Jupiter & Saturn conjunction), WHY celebrate it?
IF it's NOT the nicest time of year, but according to police & media records the worst time: most thefts, most domestic violence, most suicides, most deadly traffic accidents, etc, WHY celebrate such?
IF so many lies told & beLIEved, such as 3 wise men visited baby Jesus in a manger at Bethlehem, instead of enough of such magos  to trouble all Jerusalem visited a young child at his house in Nazareth; WHY celebrate things not true?
The Xmas tree: seems Jeremiah 10 calls it a Babylonian custom of foolish & brutish people; so WHY do it?
Santa Clause? Consumerism?
What are your thoughts about so many Christmas fallacies? 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

