---
title: "post 2305"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\January\post_2305.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2022
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:25:58.490975
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Anyone notice this re CHRIST JESUS & JESUS CHRIST in Bible.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. 
Title: The New Testament of our Lord and Saviour JESUS CHRIST.
Therein a New Testament is also mention of CHRIST JESUS, but only from Acts 19:4 to 1Peter 5:14; And although also called "our Lord", is never also called "our Saviour": a term that only applies to God & to JESUS CHRIST. 
Mention of CHRIST JESUS is only by Paul 55x & 1Peter 2x.
Mention of JESUS CHRIST is by all NT writers, about 196x.
Mention of "in CHRIST JESUS" occurs 40x, beginning in Romans, which then includes good things like inseparable love of God, no condemnation, wisdom, righteousness, sanctification, redemption, even a new creature; Yet...
When it comes to reconciled, 2Cor 5:18 says it's by JESUS CHRIST.
In Acts, after name change from Saul to Paul, it seems to also portray a further change for Paul, from his CHRIST JESUS mode in Acts 19:4 to his JESUS CHRIST mode in Acts 28:31. So... 
Then...
in Romans forward Paul always first notes he's now in JESUS CHRIST mode, and first greets with Grace & peace from God our Father & JESUS CHRIST. Then also always turns mention of CHRIST JESUS around to JESUS CHRIST in all epistles, including in Hebrews is CJ in Heb 3 - 9, but JC in 10 -13.
Grace and truth came by JESUS CHRIST: John 1:17, who is sent by the only true God to know: John 17:3. So 1Cor 1:1-4 notes the grace of God given them in CHRIST JESUS is given to them by JESUS CHRIST.  
Philippians 2:5-11 begins with CHRIST JESUS, but ends with every tongue should confess that JESUS CHRIST is Lord to the glory of God the Father.
(note: seems CJ turn around to JC portrays turn descend around to ascend)
Hebrews 13:8 notes
JESUS CHRIST the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.
Although 1Peter 5:10 notes the God of all grace hath called us unto his eternal glory by CHRIST JESUS, he also then 1Pet 5:14 ends mention of CHRIST JESUS; So in 2Peter fwd only JESUS CHRIST is mentioned.
So the end to endure unto Revelation 22:21 KJV says:
The grace of our Lord JESUS CHRIST be with you all. Amen.

