---
title: "post 3520"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\September\post_3520.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2024
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T22:37:11.296737
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Aug--ust----2-4------,------20------------24
---

## Content

MERCY 
Grace, Mercy, and Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
There is NO mention of MERCY in John, nor 1John, nor Revelation.
Jesus quoted Hosea 6:6 and said in Matthew 9:13 KJV 
"But go ye and learn what that (allegory) meaneth, 
I will have MERCY, and not sacrifice: 
for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance".
Then again 
in Matthew 12:7 said:
"But if ye had known what this (allegory) meaneth, 
I will have MERCY, and not sacrifice, 
ye would not have condemned the guiltless".
note:
Seems I will have MERCY, and not sacrifice 
allegory means I will have grace, not law,
allegory means I will have life, not death.
So,
if the meaning had been known,
ye would not have lawed the grace.
There is NO mention of grace in Matthew or Mark.
Then when grace is mentioned in Luke,
then Jesus said in Luke 6:36
"Be ye therefore merciful, 
as your Father also is merciful [oiktirmon]".
Romans 11:32 
"For God hath concluded them all in unbelief, 
that he might have MERCY upon all".
(note: all, because there is no respect of persons with God)
In 1Timothy (the epistle from Laodicea, noted in Col 4:16)
Paul adds MERCY to his holy kiss greeting of grace & peace:
1Timothy 1:2
"Unto Timothy, my own son in the faith: 
Grace, MERCY, and peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord".
Hebrews 4:16 
"Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, 
that we may obtain MERCY, 
and find grace to help in time of need".
James 3:17
But the wisdom that is from above is first pure (all grace?), then 
peaceable, 
gentle, 
and easy to be intreated, 
full of MERCY 
and good fruits, 
without partiality, 
and without hypocrisy.
Last mention of MERCY is Jude 1:21, says
Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the MERCY of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.
What are your insights about MERCY?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

