---
title: "post 2060"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\December\post_2060.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:15:23.079816
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

"JESUS OF NAZARETH": "KING OF THE JEWS" (posted above cross).
Why do these terms for "Jesus", as "his accusation" & "title", NEVER occur in the "gospel of Christ" in Romans→forward? 
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
It's interesting to search & see "king of the Jews" in Mt, Mk, Lk, Jn, NEVER occurs past John 19:19; And "Jesus of Nazareth", that notes  "Jesus" was a "Nazarene", NEVER occurs past Acts; 
And the "gospel of Christ" in Romans→fwd is "THROUGH" Jesus→Christ.  When noticed, then the question becomes Why?
Seems, in Matthew to Acts, Jesus is referred to as being 2 Sons: twain: both OT←"Son of man" & NT→"Son of God", who oft "turned" to say different things. 
In John 5:25-29 he reveals, about himself as twain, that when 2 Sons he had 2 voices, saying both "live" & "judgment also"; Allegory as if both grace & law also.  
So...
In Romans→forward NO more mention of Son of man, ONLY Son of God, as if then no more twain Sons Jesus, but 1 Son Christ; And then called gospel of "Christ" THROUGH Jesus→Christ is the end of the law for righteousness; And in Christ all things are new.
As for "Jesus of Nazareth", seems Mark 16:6-16 revealed even when  Jesus "of Nazareth" was risen, he still "upbraided" & "damned". Hmmm.
Interesting "mystery" details to notice, ponder, discuss.
What are your thoughts & insights about such things? 
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ be with you all. Amen.

