---
title: "post 0062"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\February\post_0062.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T18:40:07.945991
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

GLORY(s): Law vs Grace glory contrasted: 2Corinthians 3:
- Law Glory: WAS glorious, but it's to be "done away",
b/c it was a ministration of condemnation & of death.
- Grace Glory: IS so exceedingly MUCH MORE glorious,
b/c it is a ministration of the spirit and of righteousness.
2Corinthians 3:10 KJV (Amazing Grace EXCELLETH):
"For even that (law) which was made glorious 
HAD NO GLORY (AT ALL) IN THIS RESPECT, 
by reason of the (grace) glory that excelleth". 
2Corinthians 3:11 KJV (Law WAS, but Grace IS):
"For if that which is done away [WAS] glorious, 
much more that which remaineth [IS] glorious". 
condemnation & death ←vs→ spirit & righteousness
is really a not a contest when the two glory(s) compared.
So, when Law Glory <-vs-> Grace Glory properly compared,
Grace Glory so MUCH MORE that Law Glory fades to nothing.
So, that's why we call the Grace Glory the AMAZING G-RACE.
Romans 5:20 says the same "MUCH MORE" thing about Grace:
- Law entered the human race. By law sin did 'pleonazo' abound.
- But Amazing Grace did MUCH MORE 'hyper-perisseuo' abound.
Romans 5:20 KJV (the Law vs Grace race is really no contest):
"Moreover the law entered, that the offence might abound. 
But where sin abounded, grace did MUCH MORE abound:"
So then, in the end of a such a law <-vs-> grace "race",
the race pace of "grace" is so exceedingly "much more", 
that there's not even any mention of law: sin: death.
Revelation 22:21 (the end to endure unto in Mt 24:13):
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen".

