---
title: "post 3328"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\May\post_3328.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2024
comments: 1
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-13T21:33:34.511233
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: May--22--,------------2--02------4-
---

## Content

Twain: Two Adams vs Christ is neither Adam1 nor Adam2.
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Two Adams are compared in 1Corinthians 15:45 as 
first man Adam and last Adam; 
But in 2Corinthians 10:12 it's not wise (but foolish) to compare Adam1(soul) vs Adam2(spirit), and in if told compare spirit-u-all vs spirit-u-all, which is to say compare Adam2(law) vs Christ(grace). 
For Hebrews 4:12 has two dividing asunders in order to get the heart of the matter, as if first wrongly dividing the word of truth (law vs law) and then rightly dividing the word of truth (laws vs grace). things divided against itself nor wise to mix first and last = oxymoron. 
First/last Adams (thems) are therein contrasted as soul/spirit, also as natural/spiritual man, as if before/after; But notably also as first/second, and clarified as earthly/heavenly "image"s, leaving us with an allegoric mystery to sort out. 
For in Hebrews 4:12 the dividing asunder of soul←>spirit is only the first of two dividing asunders required to get to the heart of the matter: If your heart is not established "with" grace (Hebrews 13:9), then Matthew 12:30-37's either or list clarifies it is "against"; And Romans 8:2's Law1 vs Law2 of 1Corinthians 15:45's Adam1 vs Adam2, which is also like Hebrews 10:39's Them1 vs Them2, are all notably divided "against" itself, will notably defile(condemn) itself with it's own mouth from the heart (Mark 7:18-23); 
And 
thereby end up in a hall of shame rather than fame, for playing the childish blame game. For whether it be playing their part or your part, it's still part-iality and not perfect-ion. 
For 
1Corinthians 13:10 notes when perfect-ion is come, then part-iality is done away. 
Furthermore, it's revealed in 2Corinthians 10:12 that comparing  Them1 vs Them2 (Law1 vs Law2, Adam1 vs Adam2) is not wise: not a wise comparison, but a foolish comparison of children vs children and of servants vs servants who are carnally divided against themselves, or "oppose themselves" as it says in 2Timothy 2:25; 
Which is common and commonly called bi-polar dis-order, or PTSD, or preposterous order (teaching first and learning after) by Translators of the Bible.
In 1st Adam ("natural"man): "all" die; evidently from a bad case of grace + law = life + death = a dead end. 
In last Adam ("spiritual" man) is a question: shall all be made alive? The correct answer is Yes! Reason: if not "all", then none at all; For "there is no respect of persons with God", nor with Son of God. 
So, you too can have partiality with impartial God is an oxymoronic (for morons) lie witch many churches and their leaders thereof preach as deceivers (ministers of Satan = Law). 
Seems: Such ministers (both religious & political) are both good + evil, for law is both good + evil; But Hebrews 5's conclusion exhorts us to use our senses to "discern(avoid) both good + evil". 
Allegory example:
If it looks a bit(a little leaven leaveneth the whole) Fishy(like the license plates on many carnal cars), 
sounds like Horeb-bull, 
smells Pewy, 
tastes Bitter-sweet (Col 2:21), 
and feels like hell when even "tasted"(Heb 6:4), or worse: swallowed, 
then it's law: both good + evil, witch ends bad: reverse of live.
             Seldom Asked Question posed: "even so in Christ shall all be made alive"?
Moral:  God will be "all in all", not some short fall like 2/3 = 0.666 to infinity of nothing.
Until you (all the KofG within you) get it: perfect understanding, it seems that all are groundead.
First Adam "was" a "living soul", last Adam "is" a "quickening spirit"; the allegorical difference being 
mortal/immortal & corruptible/incorruptible, 
is also the difference between grace + law / grace: 
this before was: "earthy", 
that after is: "heavenly"; 
similar to ye/you are before/after in 1Peter 5:10.
Mirrorly speaking (wherein left changed to right): as we have borne the image of this one man (1st Adam) we shall also bear the "express image"(Heb 1) of that one man (last Adam): the change being from glory to glory (law to grace): 2Cor 3; from (blind) faith to (seeing) faith (is "better"); and mtn to mtn. 
The second (of first/second) is: the Lord (of Lords) from heaven: "that" of this/that. For two contrary things cannot coexist, not in peace, so he taketh away the first to establish the second. 
He is our "peace" who hath abolished the law(enmity) from his flesh (we are his flesh): Ephesians 2 (Eph 5)... concurs with Col 2's mention of ordinances(law) being blotted out.
See also the one man vs one man Twain Shew in Romans 5:12-21. By this: "one man" (Moses) came the law: death upon all; Also by that: "one man" (that Jesus Christ is come: 1Jn4) came grace: life upon all (Jn 1:17 compares law vs grace as lie vs truth via Moses vs Jesus Christ). 
One man had a dead end (grace + law = life + death), the other man is alive unto God (who knew grace is "sufficient" = no law req'd). 
The moral of such a twain compare-i-son is also "evident" from the evidence "that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, [it is] evident": Gal 3.
Genesis: twain before/after options for "Let us make man": 
i) "in our image" (aka before)
ii) "after our likeness" (aka after, for allegory compare-i-son), 
twain options given as a Before/After Shew; 
But 
therein such "let us make man" God also declared the end from the beginning (Is 46:10), as he did by first saying "let there be light" (not darkness, nor both light + darkness = both good + evil). 
One "man" kind is to be "made" (not created) by "us" (not them, neither of them vs them, for there's never any consensus among carnal folk). 
Such is the "man" kind (of child/man) to whom the Lord will not impute sin: Rom 4:8; the better blessed of twain blesseds compared in Romans 4:7,8 (as if diaper blessed vs man blessed).
Allegoric Moral: God's choice of twain a right hand man, as what's "right" (of left/right) and "with" (of against/with) God. 
But when considering three things, it's leave the principles(twain) for best of good better best. So even them being narrow minded (doubleminded: unstable, highminded: unholy) of twain broad/narrow ways should also leave their narrow minded way for "a more excellent way" of three ways:
BroadWay->NarrowWay→MoreExcellentWay(1Cor 12:31-13:1-13).
For the narrow way (of broad/narrow ways) isn't life, but rather only "leadeth unto life" by "go on unto perfection". So albeit one of twain is the better of good/better, but it's only better for some. 
What's best of three things: good better best: is best for all.
(note: all is neither many nor few)
Of Twain Adams, 
the 1st (Old Testament) was about plural "generations" of Adam (Genesis 5), 
but 
the 2nd (New Testament) is about the singular "generation" of Jesus Christ (Matthew 1:1), 
allegorically plural vs singular, grace + law vs grace. 
Grace is sufficient, and winner take all. For by law none enter, but via His Grace it's y'all come. 
Hence Paul, "apostle of JC by the will of God" and also "his witness unto all men", states what's "evident" from all the evidence to Galatians, which is allegory say they were the better of law/law rather than the best of (law/law)->grace. Law vs grace: "contrary things" should not be mixed. 
Contrary things mixed = an oxymoron: "one proselyte" that's "twofold": more the CHILD of hell is an example of an adult-oxymoron. Many adults "such like" oft pride them-selves in being "children of God" rather than "man" kind.
Two Adams are also compared in 1Timothy, but not easily seen. 1Tim 2:13 is about 1st Adam, "them" = male + female = "Adam" in Gen 5:2 ...this woman (church), being deceived, was in the transgression = in the law (for "where no law there no transgression": Rom 4:15), and such is a "great" mystery (of great/greater things). 
But 
as it states, 2nd Adam was not deceived, for Paul says he speaks of Christ (the end of the law: Romans 10:4) and the Church (neither Christ nor the Church being deceived or in the transgression = law), whereas the woman (church) of 1st Adam was deceived. 
It's "allegory": Galatians 4, and "mystery"(noted over 20 times in the NT), so allegoric mystery(to solve) about law vs grace (lie vs truth); And only "know"-ing the truth makes you free of "believe"-ing the lie; For devils "believe": James 2:19.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

