---
title: "post 3213"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\February\post_3213.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:11:05.915374
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

PAUL'S TWO STAGE CONVERSION IN ACTS: 
First a name change from "Saul" to "Paul", 
Then also a change from "Christ Jesus" to "Jesus Christ". 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Most 
Bible readers don't notice that 
after Pharisee "Saul" is called "Paul" (Acts13:9, not yet in Acts 9), 
he then also went through a 2nd change as Paul: 
from "Christ Jesus" (Acts 19:4) to "Jesus Christ" (Acts 28:31). 
Hmmm, 
Seems there is some "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" difference.
Details of such difference also discussed in another post.
So then... 
In Romans→forward Paul always first clarifies he's now in "Jesus Christ" mode; And greets Grace and peace from God our Father and the Lord "Jesus Christ". 
Then,
although Paul mentions both "Christ Jesus" and "Jesus Christ" in all his epistles, he also always turns "Christ Jesus" around to "Jesus Christ" in every epistle, including in Hebrews 3:1 to Heb 10 -13. 
So, Paul both opens & closes epistles with "Jesus Christ"
So then...
Let's investigate & discuss some of many reasons why:
- The term "Christ Jesus" only occurs from Acts 19:4 to 1Pet 5:14,
And is only mentioned by Paul & 1Peter (not 2Peter); 
But 
The term "Jesus Christ" occurs from Mt 1:1 to Rev 22:21 KJV, 
And is mentioned by all New Testament writers.
- Paul notes there is NOW no condemnation to them in "Christ  Jesus": Rom 8:1, yet 
later notes in 1Cor 1:1-4 when writing to them in "Christ Jesus" that grace of God is given them by "Jesus Christ".
- Christ Jesus is only "mediator" and still "between" God and men: 1Tim 2:5 (as why Paul said in Gal 3:20 a mediator is not of one, but God is one); 
But "Jesus Christ" is called Saviour & thereby our reconciler to God (as why Paul said in 2Cor 5:18 God hath reconciled us to himself by "Jesus Christ").
- All who will live godly in "Christ Jesus" shall suffer persecution: 2Timothy 3:12; 
So 1Peter 5:10 notes although God of all grace first called us unto his eternal glory by "Christ Jesus", that after ye have suffered a while, you then get made perfect, stablished, strengthened, settled (in "Jesus Christ" mode to end suffer). 
Then no more mention of Christ Jesus beyond 1Peter 5, 
Only mention of "Jesus Christ" beyond 1Peter 5:14.
- Philippians 2:5-11 revealed "Christ Jesus" descended to "servant" (not son) & to 'anthropos' men (liar: Rom 3:4) mode, so became obedient unto the death of the cross (to end such flaw mode), so the end result be every tongue should confess that "Jesus Christ" (aka grace & truth) is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.
- 2Timothy 1:9 & 10 uses both "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ", noting the term "Saviour" is associated with "Jesus Christ":
2Timothy 1:9, 10 KJV
God: Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in "Christ Jesus" before the world began,
But 
is now made manifest by the appearing of our Saviour "Jesus Christ", who hath abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the gospel:
The End: Revelation 22:21 KJV
The grace of our Lord "Jesus Christ" [be/is] with you all. Amen.

