---
title: "post 1442"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\April\post_1442.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:10:07.912046
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

What if we also notice, of create/make in Gen 1:1-25, in Gen 1:26a God never said let us create man, but said let us "make" man; Then of image/likeness said, in Gen 1:26b:
- "in our image" (as if only before of before/after)
- "after our likeness" (as the "after" of before/after)
Perhaps for allegoric compare-i-son, simulated for learning.
So, in Gen 1:27: when God "created" man in "image" mode, called such male & female Adam "them"; 
Perhaps it was only for the before part...
Taking OT (create/make, image/likeness) info into NT, seems
- Eph 2:10 notes we got created in CJ to walk in them = "before".
- 1Pet 5:10 notes we also get made, by God of all grace = "after".
Seems it allegory portrays both Creator/Maker modes. Why?
Perhaps 
person in mirror, aka "image", is not really our "likeness".
Eg; if show live to mirror, it will reverse to evil(reverse of live).
And image can vanish away, when we from such turn away.
So, 
some now ponder, and discuss:
what if we got put in a heavenly simulator, to simulate created in CJ mode to descend (in him), then needs to get turned around to JC mode to fully awareness re-ascend (in him); 
As if for our learning, 
to learn what we really are is higher grace and truth that is graceful, merciful, peaceful, because it is always truthful

