---
title: "post 1756"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\June\post_1756.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:32:25.633463
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: -M--ay---1---2---,----2--0--1---9--
---

## Content

Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
GOODNESS: who knew there's 2 law/grace kinds to contrast?
In Eph 3:14-19, after Christ rooted & grounded in love, seems 4 things: "breadth, length, depth, height" for "fulness of God". But, in Rev 21:16, so nigh the end, still only 3 of 4: "length, breadth, height" equal-ity (but no "depth" yet). Hmmm...
Perhaps "depth" allegory refers to dig, in greek, to also find 
hidden treasures of knowledge & wisdom of God. Eg: in greek:
- law "goodness"(chrestotes) is conditional (if), in Rom 11:22.
- grace "goodness"(agathosyne) is never conditional.
Hmmm... 
Kinda shines more light on goodness(chrestotes) of Rom 2:4, noted it takes 3 things: goodness & forbearance & longsuffering to lead people to repentance. Also...
Interesting such chrestotes/agathosyne "goodness" NT occur in 5/4 ratio, and perhaps it's why the "goodness"(agathosyne) is 6th of 9 (5/4) fruit aspects in Gal 5:22,23. FYI:
Law Goodness(chrestotes) x 5:
- Rom 2:4 has 2: Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuffering; not knowing that the goodness of God leadeth thee to repentance?
- Rom 11:22 has 3: Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in his goodness: otherwise thou also shalt be cut off.
Grace Goodness(agathosyne) x4:
- Rom 15:4 And I myself also am persuaded of you, my brethren, that ye also are full of goodness, filled with all knowledge, able also to admonish one another.
- Gal 5:22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,
- Eph 5:9 (For the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth;)
- 2Thess 1:11 Wherefore also we pray always for you, that our God would count you worthy of this calling, and fulfil all the good pleasure of his goodness, and the work of faith with power:
The grace (unconditional goodness, having no severity att'd) of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

