---
title: "post 2775"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\April\post_2775.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T22:46:56.129249
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

GOOD: Comparing Law good [kalos] -vs- Grace good [agathos],
also law goodness[chrestotes] -vs- grace goodness[agathosyne].
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
With 
law good[kalos], law evil[kakos] is also present: Rom 7:21, 
So, discern & put away "BOTH good and evil" of law: Heb 5:14, 
to then have only grace good[agathos] of God (has no evil).
Romans 7:6 Now we are delivered from the "law", 
as if 
Luke 11:4's prayer: Father... deliver us from "evil" answered. 
Romans 7:21 notes why: 
when do law good[kalos], then law evil[kakos] is present. 
So, Hebrews 5:14 says those of "full age" use exercised senses to discern "BOTH good[kalos] and evil[kakos]" aspects of law. 
(which is to allegory say a-void both good & evil of law)
For 
God's grace good[agathos] is not conditionally good nor also evil after like law was; Like LORD[Yehova] saved & destroyed after.
Similar contrast occurs with law goodness[chrestotes] and grace goodness[agathosyne]. 
Romans 11:22 sarcastically allegory portrays if God still thought of as law, then what to behold is conditional goodness[chrestoes] and severity, which will spare you not, if not always 100% law good: impossible. 
Even Jesus, when called Good[agathos] Master, replied why call me good[agathos], only one is good[agathos]: God: Luke 18:18,19. 
For at that time Jesus (made under the law: Gal 4:4) was still 2 Sons: both OT←Son of man (law: both good and evil) and NT→Son of God (grace good only); Noting in John 5:25-29 when still 2 Sons (old and new) he still had 2 voices, 
saying 2 contrary things: "judgment[krisis] also"← & →"live"; 
Until of twain, within him, he abolished the enmity: the law of commandments to be only 1 Son Christ: peace: Ephesians 2:15. 
Seems law goodness[chrestotes] & grace goodness[agathosyne] NT occur 9x in a 5/4 ratio, 
1st law goodness[chrestotes] 5x, 
then grace goodness[agathosyne] 4x. 
So,
even Romans 2:4's mention of (law God) goodness[chrestotes]  leading to repentance is still law goodness for law repentance, as not yet grace goodness[agathosyne].
Seems this 5/4 goodness ratio also occurs 9x in fruit of Spirit, for 5th fruit aspect: gentleness is still 'chrestotes' (law goodness mode), but 6th aspect is grace goodness[agathosyne]. Seems, by learn this, 1st 5 fruit of the Spirit aspects are allegory as if still "law" of the Spirit, then the last 4 fruit aspects of 9 are as "grace" of the Spirit: Gal 5:22,23 KJV.
Interesting "mystery" details to notice for our awareness sake.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

