---
title: "post 2561"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\November\post_2561.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2022
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T17:15:53.348508
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WHY 2 kinds of "word" of God: rhema & logos?
Is there a difference to investigate?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Rhema "word" of God = sword of the Spirit (for battle)
Ephesians 6:12-17
12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. 13 Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand. 14 Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness; 15 And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace; 16 Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. 17 And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word [rhema] of God: 
Logos "word" of God = 7 things
Hebrews 4:12
For the word [logos] of God is 
quick, and 
powerful, and 
sharper than any twoedged sword, *
piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and 
(dividing asunder) of the joints and marrow, and 
is a discerner of the thoughts and 
intents of the heart.
*re: twoedged sword:
Revelation 1:16 notes the character John "turned" back to "behind" him was dressed as an OT law priest with a "twoedged sword" coming out his mouth.
Psalm 149:6,7 notes a "twoedged sword" is for vengeance and punishments (not grace and peace).
So,
perhaps logos "word" being "sharper than any twoedged sword" may allegory mean grace is smarter than law law; For 
in Romans 8:2 the "law" of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus which makes free of the "law" of sin and death is still "law", not grace. 
What are your insights about 'rhema' & 'logos' word(s) of God?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

