---
title: "post 2830"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\May\post_2830.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2023
comments: 2
shares: 2
scraped: 2025-11-06T23:43:17.305476
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: --M-a-------y--1-9,---20---23------
---

## Content

New Testament is 
much more about "JESUS CHRIST" than "CHRIST JESUS". Why?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
NT 
Title Page says:
The New Testament of our Lord and Saviour JESUS CHRIST.
Therein New Testament writings the term CHRIST JESUS also occurs 57x, but not until Acts 19:4 and then only to 1Peter 5:14.
In contrast 
JESUS CHRIST occurs 196x from Matthew 1:1 to Revelation 22:21.
Although 1Timothy 1:15 notes CHRIST JESUS came into the world to save sinners; We find no mention of CHRIST JESUS as Saviour. All mentions of Saviour refer to JESUS CHRIST: as Son of God. 
John 1:17 notes in contrast to law given by Moses, grace and truth came by JESUS CHRIST. John 17:1-4 notes the only true God sent JESUS CHRIST to give eternal life which he finished before the cross.
In Acts, we find even after Saul name changes to Paul, there is yet another change recorded for Paul, from CHRIST JESUS mode (Acts 19:4) to JESUS CHRIST mode (Acts 28:31). Then in Romans forward Paul always first clarifies he's now in JESUS CHRIST mode, and in all epistles turns mention of CHRIST JESUS around to JESUS CHRIST, even in Hebrews. 
Seems one reason why is
2Tim 3:12 says all who will live godly in CHRIST JESUS shall suffer.
All NT writers mention JESUS CHRIST.
But only Paul's epistles & 1Peter mention CHRIST JESUS.
1Corinthians 1:1-4 mentions both JC & CJ, but notes the grace given them in CHRIST JESUS is given them by JESUS CHRIST.
2Corinthians 5:18 notes God hath reconciled us to himself by JESUS CHRIST (perhaps allegory by grace and truth).
Yet,
1Peter 5:10 notes the God of all grace called us unto his eternal glory by CHRIST JESUS.
Philippians 1:1 KJV mentions both JC & CJ in same verse:
Paul and Timotheus, the servants of JESUS CHRIST, to all the saints in CHRIST JESUS which are at Philippi, with the bishops and deacons.  
Then Philippians 2:5-11 mentions both, but 2:11 notes every tongue should confess that JESUS CHRIST is Lord to the glory of God the Father.
What are your insights about JC & CJ mentions?
Most will say no difference, both CJ & JC are the same,
But Hebrews 13:8 clarifies only
JESUS CHRIST is the same yesterday and to day and for ever.
Of 7 general epistles: (James, 1Peter, 2Peter, 1John, 2John, 3John, Jude) all mention JESUS CHRIST, but only 1Peter mentions CHRIST JESUS, and then 2Peter does not.
Seems (in KJV):
CHRIST JESUS, as high priest, was mediator of new covenant.
JESUS CHRIST, as Son of God, is mediator of new testament.
The end to endure unto is the grace salutation of Paul:
Revelation 22:21 KJV
The grace of our Lord JESUS CHRIST be with you all. Amen.

