---
title: "post 3736"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2025\April\post_3736.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2025
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T18:29:22.801635
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Holy GHOST [pneuma] & SPIRIT [pneuma]
DIFFER as 2 law/grace Comforters in KJV
wherein God is Spirit.
Let's investigate...
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
KJV Translators used both "Ghost" & "Spirit" for Greek pneuma for a contrast of 2 DIFFERENT Comforters Jesus contrasted:
- Comforter1: John 14:26 KJV: Holy "Ghost"[pneuma]: teacher.
- Comforter2: John 15:26 KJV: "Spirit" [pneuma} of truth: guide.
So,
the contrast is:
- Holy Ghost: law teacher: walk before me: DRIVEN.
- Spirit of truth: grace guise: follow me: LED.
So,
Jesus said "follow me" to disciples,
Paul said: if "LED" of the Spirit, then not under the law: Gal 5:18.
Makes you wonder about 
purpose DRIVEN people in purpose DRIVEN churches.
The Ghost [pneuma] & Spirit [pneuma] Comforters contrast:
- blasphemy Holy Ghost has never forgiveness: Mt 12:32; Mk 3:29.
- God (is Spirit) has forgiven you all things: Eph 4:32; Col 2:13.
Note:
Modern Bibles changed "Ghost" to "Spirit",
but then contradict themselves by saying both:
- blasphemy the Spirit has never forgiveness: Mt 12:32; Mk 3:29,
- God (is Spirit) has forgiven you all things: Eph 4:32; Col 2:13.
John 14:26 KJV (Comforter = Holy Ghost):
But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.
John 15:26 KJV (Comforter = Spirit of truth):
But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:
Notes: 
John 20:22 KJV (Holy "Ghost"): 
And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and saith unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost:
Acts 1:8 KJV (Holy "Ghost"): 
But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.
Acts 2:4 KJV says 
new 12 were filled with Holy "Ghost",
So, Acts 5 notes:
Peter, filled with the Holy "Ghost" [pneuma], did not forgive Ananias & Sapphira even once (although Jesus has also told Peter to forgive 70 x 7 = 490x: Mt 18:22), but counted they had never forgiveness (Jesus had law noted in Mt 12:32; Mk 3:29 have no mention of grace yet), and killed them dead.
This contrasting is one reason I prefer KJV for study,
which also contrasts love [agape1] & charity [agape2] for agape,
to allegory reason 
charity [agape2] is a higher form of agape than love [agape1],
Spirit [pneuma2] is a higher form of pneuma than Ghost [pneuma].
What are your insights about "Ghost" & "Spirit" in KJV?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

