---
title: "post 2068"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\December\post_2068.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T11:28:03.562042
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Difference of Ghost vs Spirit Comforters in John 14 - 16 KJV. 
Grace, Mercy, Peace. Here's things I learned about it:
Comforter1: Holy "Ghost": Jn 14:26 as law teacher, which will remind of "all (both nice & nasty) things" Jesus had said, includes nasty things like "nay" to peace, "never forgiveness", "greater damnation", "eternal damnation", "judgment also". In OT this law teacher said "walk before me" = "driven".
Comforter2: "Spirit" of truth: Jn 14:16,17; 15:26; 16:13 is "another Comforter", grace "guide" = follow me = "led", into all truth. Only this Comforter will "abide with you forever" (makes Holy Ghost temporal).
God is a "Spirit" (aka not a Ghost): Jn 4:24. 
It was "Holy Ghost" that first came at Pentecost in Acts 2. Seems why was Jesus had breathed on them & said "receive the Holy Ghost", and they were still assembling in "Solomon's porch" = law temple. But this turned out badly: killing of Ananias & Saphirra brough "great fear" (not love void of fear nor grace void of law) upon all the church: Acts 5:11.
Although Rom 14:17 said righteousness, and peace, and joy in the "Holy Ghost"; Seems this temporal peace can later get taken away & this temporal joy can later turn to mourning.
Think of going through an apocalyptic minefield, and which of 2 Comforters is best for such: driven or led? Gal 5 says "led of the Spirit". 
Not said to speak against Holy Ghost, but for awareness.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

