---
title: "post 1871"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\December\post_1871.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2019
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:06:57.451971
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Allegory Meanings of verses Spirit of truth helped me learn:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus→Christ.
Learn allegory meanings helped me realize the only true God (can't lie) is God of all grace (can't law). Eg: Mt 9:13 (from Hos 6:6) said God will have mercy, not sacrifice, has allegory meaning to go learn. It means God will have grace, not law. Mt 12:7 said if ye had known the meaning ye wouldn't have 
condemned the guiltless (flawed the grace).
In Mt 22:32; Mk 12:27; Lk 20:38 JC (grace & truth) notes by God said I am the God of Abraham (not Abram) & Isaac (not Ishmael) & Jacob (not Israel), it allegory reveals God is not God of the dead, but God of the living (not Law, but Grace).
In Mt 5:17b KJV JC said I am (grace & truth) not come to destroy, but to fulfill (means Grace never destroys, but only fills with truth until thought of destruction is put away as err). Note: modern bibles say to fulfill the law, which is absurd, for to fulfill law would be as if to fulfill extinction, not salvation.
God is not author of confusion, but of peace (means God did not author grace + law, which is life + death, but grace only).
Paul uses sarcastic allegory to make a point. Eg Rom 11:22 means if you perceive God as Law, you'll then behold law's conditional goodness[chrestotes] and severity (spare not). So Rom 11:32 says God concluded them all (law beLIEvers) in unbelief, to have mercy (grace gifted righteousness & eternal life) upon all.
1Thess 5:3 notes when they (law beLIEvers) shall say Peace and safety (in law: worketh wrath); then sudden destruction cometh upon them. In contrast 1Th 5:9 clarifies God has not appointed us to wrath (aka to law), but to obtain salvation (from law works wrath) by our Lord JC (by grace & truth).
James 1:5 notes a God who "upbraideth not" we may ask for His wisdom (allegory means that higher God somehow differs from Jesus who upbraided both before & after the cross). It reasoned I needed to ask that God for wisdom, to receive Spirit revelations about allegory meanings I didn't know.
I then learned there's a higher "God of all grace" (no law at all) in 1Pet 5:10 who will make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you, after ye (err) have suffered a while in ignorance. 
Interesting allegoric biblical "mystery" stuff to learn by Spirit: 
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

