---
title: "post 1477"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\June\post_1477.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:28:43.460346
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Goodness?? Another discovery (from Galatians):
Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ (Gal 1:3)
I love how Spirit reveals biblical mystery, yet not all at once nor to one individual, but oft in a way we don't expect. Eg:
When 
a friend requested my help to study 9 aspects of the fruit of the Spirit in Gal 5:22,23; I discovered the reason was so the Spirit could reveal something I'd not noticed...
When it came to "goodness", Spirit had me notice it didn't occur until 6th of 9 aspects (beyond 5th in midst of 9), and also prompted me to humbly ask why? Then... 
Spirit prompted me to search 9 NT mentions of "goodness" in greek mode, to notice 2 different kinds: allegory being law goodness & grace goodness, but such occur in a 5/4 ratio. Then Spirit revealed 9 aspects of fruit were in 5/4 ratio. Hmmm
So it's why "goodness" don't occur until 6th, because it's grace goodness, of not under the law, that then grace leads us fwd thru faith(7th) & meekness(8th) unto temperance(9th). WoW.
It gave more revelation to it's the "goodness" (grace) of God that leads to repentance (change of heart & mind); Also better understanding of why Paul had said, in Gal 5:18 "IF ye be LED of the Spirit", result will be "not under the law". Hmmm
So then, seems allegory like 1st 5 aspects (love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness) are still under the law (called the law of the Spirit in Rom 8:2), then last 4 aspects (goodness, faith, meekness, temperance) are as if grace leading; Yet it's not until after 9th aspect it then says "no law". Hmmm
Nifty discovery for me & in a way I didn't expect. For I was trying to teach first, learn after. So Spirit had me humbly ask.
For it's all by grace, so no man can boast. I humbly admit it's Spirit who reveals & God who gives the awareness increase.
Brethren, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with your spirit. Amen. (Gal 6:18)

