---
title: "post 0065"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\March\post_0065.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T19:06:58.200992
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: --------Ma-r----c-h----------2-9,--20-1-4
---

## Content

'The Elephant In The Room' vain religion still ignores.
Hint #1:
- whatsoever [is] NOT OF FAITH is sin: Romans 14:23 KJV
- And the law is NOT OF FAITH: Galatians 3:12 KJV
Hint 
#2:
- Our Father... deliver us FROM EVIL: Matthew 6:13 KJV
- we are delivered FROM THE LAW: Romans 7:6 KJV
Hint #3:
- first bind the STRONG MAN; then spoil his house: Mark 3:27
- the STRENGTH of sin is the law: 1Corinthians 15:56 KJV
Hint #4:
- the law worketh WRATH: Romans 4:15 KJV
- Let WRATH be put away: Ephesians 4:31 KJV
- God hath not appointed us to WRATH: 1Thessalonians 5:9
Hint #5:
- Behold the Lamb of God TAKETH AWAY the sin: John 1:29
- Christ is the end of the law for righteousness: Romans 10:4
- Christ ABOLISHED the enmity, the law: Ephesians 2:15
Hint #6:
- Law is good, but "both good and evil" ends with "evil concupiscence".
- Law is just, but "both just and unjust" ends with "the unjust judge".
- Law is holy, but both holy and unholy is what to "turn away" from.
- Law is natural, but it also becomes natural disaster: 1Thess 5:13.
- Law is spiritual, but "spiritual wickedness" is "darkness, and not light".
Hint #7:
- it's evident from evidence no man is justified BY THE LAW: Gal 3:11
- sacrifice and offering for sin is offered BY THE LAW: Hebrews 10:8
- so I will have mercy, not sacrifice means I will have grace, not law.
Perhaps 'rule of law' isn't the solution, but 'the elephant in the room'.
Perhaps the God solution is grace, will have mercy, multiplies peace.
The End: The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

