---
title: "post 1923"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\March\post_1923.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:17:00.764213
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Immortality? Are there TWO (1st/2nd) kinds of "immortality" to put on in the biblical mystery? Let's investigate:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
1Cor 15:53,54 says put on 2 things for death to be swallowed up in victory: this corruptible must (1stly) put on incorruption [aptharsia = "immortality" in Rom 2:7 & 2Tim 1:10], and this mortal must (2ndly) put on immortality [athanasia]. Hmmm, seems TWO 
(1st/2nd) kinds of immortality to put on:
Seems to say, in greek, there's 2 modes of immortality:
- aptharsia "immortality" 1st (as if Jesus Christ "incorruption").
- athanasia "immortality" after (as if also God's "immortality").
- aptharsia immortality = Rom 2:7, 2Tim 1:10
- athanasia immortality = 1Cor 15:53,54, 1Tim 6:16 = higher light that no 'anthropos' (judge-mental, liar) man has yet seen
Seems
it may allegory portray 2 kinds of "through" Paul had noted:
- 1st "through Jesus→Christ", to then be "in Christ" mode,
- then "through Christ to God-ward", to also be reconciled.
Hmmm.
Seems the mystery has hidden things to also notice, such as even when spiritual (not still carnal), spirit mode of soul/spirit, still 2 modes of spirit: "spirit of error"← & →"spirit of truth" to sort out, Until we are also Big Spirit guided into "all truth" (to then have no more potential error in little spirit mode).
What are your in-sights about such mystery details?
Interesting "mystery" details for our full awareness sake.
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

