---
title: "post 1839"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\October\post_1839.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:55:04.039244
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

What are your thoughts re John 17:2-4 says "the only true God" to know sent Jesus Christ to give "eternal life", and JC (as grace & truth) said he'd already "finished" such work before the cross?
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
In review of mystery clues to ponder: Will of God, from Ps 40:6; Ps 51:16; Hos 6:6 had said God will have mercy, and not sacrifice. JC then Mt 9:13 said it has allegory 
meaning for ye(do err) to go learn; For I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance (change of mind). 
Then Mt 12:7 said if ye had known (perceived, understood) what I will have mercy, and not sacrifice meant, ye would not have condemned the guiltless (perhaps as if to allegory say ye would not have lawed the grace, nor lied the truth). So...
Perhaps the will of God, to have mercy, and not sacrifice,  allegory means the will of God is to have grace, and not law, as if to thereby have truth (eternal life is our true reality), and not a surely die lie, to thereby have peace, and not confusion. 
Seems then, reason for a biblical story (fables, genealogies, parables, allegories, mysteries) has been to go learn (have a learning journey, through an allegoric mystery) everything to know about what our true reality is, and to learn by contrast, in a created world of duality, that our reality is not duality. 
Eg: 
our "eternal life" reality isn't life & death, by grace & law, as if truth & lie, but is life only, by grace only, which is truth only.
Seems why, when the world (duality) began, then the only true God to know sent Jesus Christ (grace & truth) to tell the truth about God, by allegoric contrast, by noting God had said:
I am the God of Abraham (not Abram), and of Isaac (not Ishmael), and of "Jacob" (not Israel). Thereby he is not God of the dead (not law, nor lie), but God of the living (grace & truth). For all live (none die) unto him (as the God, which "cannot lie", being the "God of all grace" which cannot law).
In contrast, LORD[Yehovah] was a God of Abraham, and of Isaac, and of "Israel" (whose God was still Law, not Grace). 
By JC clarifying, about God, that he is not God of the dead (aka not law), But God of the living (aka grace); For all live unto him (all grace doesn't perceive any deadly law flaw); Seems it's how JC gave "eternal life" before the cross. Yet...
Because JC's contrast still mentioned dead, not living only, seems why a need for cross, after give "eternal life"; As if to become dead to sin(law) conscience, alive unto God (Grace).
Interesting allegoric mystery aspect, as why no mention of law in the end of the story, only of "grace" being "with you all":
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/IS] with you all. Amen.

