---
title: "post 2487"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\July\post_2487.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2022
comments: 3
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T15:16:12.719807
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

REVELATION: 
EARLY (AD60-66) or LATE (AD90-96) DATE?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Does it matter? Yes, Early Date allows for Paul, not John, as author.
Here's some reasons for the Early Date of Revelation writing:
Although tradition favours a late date with John as author (because it says John 5x), the grace salutation at the end (Rev 22:21 KJV) is only Paul's (never John's), and Paul had thrice noted in his epistles he always penned it with his own hand to sign-ify it's his epistle.
So we ought not ass-u-me John wrote it, even though he may have written a book unto 7 angels (ministers) of 7 churches of Asia minor (later called Galatia) which bewitched 7 churches established by Paul & 7 who accompanied him into Asia: noted in Acts 20:4.
7 churches existed in AD65, but no church in Thyatira in AD95.
Temple (destroyed in AD70) is still standing in Revelation 11:1.
No mention is made of temple destruction when Rev written.
Nero is 6th king in Rev 17:10
Julius, Augustus, Tiberias, Caligolo, Claudius, Nero (died in AD68).
2Tim 4:22KJV end note says 
written when Paul brought before Nero 2nd time.
Syriac versions of NT say for title of Revelation that John was thrown to Patmos by Nero Ceasar.
James 1:12 & Rev 2:10 both use the phrase "crown of life" re endure, and James reportedly died in AD 6os.
Pre-1900 Oxford KJV uses this title for Revelation:
The Revelation (uncovering) of St John The Divine.
(allegory: the uncovering of a saint named John thought divine).
Perhaps written by Paul as a spoof on John got turned back to law.
Note:
Rev 1:10-16 portrays John got "turned" back to one like Son of man (not Son of God) "behind" him. Events parallel events in Ezekiel (called Son of man). 2Pet 2:22 notes it happened like a dog who got "turned" back to his own vomit (allegory law).
John, if author, would not have called himself "servant" in Rev 1:1, because in John 15:15 Jesus said he no longer called him servant but friend, and because a servant is a know not.
Rev 6 & 11 persecution by Jews only took place from AD30-70.
Rev 10:11 says John must prophecy again; BUT Jerome notes in AD96 that John was so old & feeble he had to be carried, and could barely speak.
2Peter 3:8 notes a time allegory not to be ignorant of, that one with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day. 
Hmmm, this could be used to make a thousand years in Rev 20 to be as one day, perhaps Easter in Acts 12:4, where Peter (called Satan in Mt 16:23) got bound in the bottom pit of Roman jail, then loosed, to go underground as a Roman fugitive, then surface as first Pope using his other name of Cephas.
Seems Peter notes in 2Pet 3:15,16 he'd read all Paul' epistles, which definitely included To Hebrews, but perhaps also Revelation.
Interesting "mystery" details to notice, ponder, discuss.
What are your insights about date & author of Revelation?
THE END Jesus said to endure unto is Paul's grace salutation:
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

