---
title: "post 1808"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\September\post_1808.md"
---
---
circa_date: September 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:43:39.992217
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

NOT Global Warming (was faked data), BUT Climate Change to "worst"←BC things manifesting ww in AD. If word "worst" only occurs in Ezekiel 7:24←OT, what is causing such? 
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Things were getting NT→better ww, UNTIL Y2Ks. Then leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law' (not Grace, nor peace). Since "law worketh wrath", both news & weather then began reporting 
"worst"←OT scenarios & "death" tolls. Why?
Here's my observations (not condemnation to any) re such:
By Y2Ks modern bibles had removed "Christ" from "the end" of their biblical story, as why "worst"←BC things then began. Only "Christ" of through Jesus→Christ is "the end of the law". So by removing "Christ" from "the end", law←BC happened; For only "in Christ" is it then "all things new", nothing still old.
Another reason for a backward draw←back to cOLD mode of cOLD←>LukeWarm→Hot seems to be due to LukeWarm preachers still only teaching a new covenant of an OT LORD, which still has 2 OT houses: Israel & Judah. Thereby "laws" (not grace) still get put in plural hearts & minds of Israel, and no "priesthood" ever got mentioned about Judah. 
It's kinda like still preaching 2 Sons Jesus: NT Son of God & OT Son of man, who in Mt-Acts still had 2 voices, saying both "live" & "judgment also" (as revealed in Jn 5:25-29)... instead of preaching only the gospel of 1 Son "Christ", of through our Lord Jesus→Christ, in Romans→fwd, is only Son of God.
So it's like new covenant preachers (as hirelings, servants) are still unaware the day (light) of the LORD[Yehovah] is "darkness, and not light" (aka law, not grace) in Amos 5:18. It's why JC (grace & truth) said in Luke 11:35 "take heed, therefore, that the light in thee be not darkness". 
For true God is light, and in him there is no darkness at all; Like "God of all grace" has no law in him to flaw anyone with.
It's the LORD[Yehovah], creates "darkness" & "evil" in Isaiah 45:7, who in said in Ezekiel 7:24 he would bring "worst", then says: Destruction (not salvation) cometh, and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none. So, if OT LORD[Yehovah] is not put away, it's no marvel if "worst" scenarios manifest.
Although all bibles are story (fables, genealogies, allegories, mysteries) it seems, if story begun, JC said it requires endure unto the end to be saved (only). But if modern bibles remove "Christ", seems "worst" scenarios of "LORD" can manifest; And not only with people, but also with the weather.
So, for the story, especially the ending, I prefer the KJV:
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

