---
title: "post 2431"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\May\post_2431.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2022
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:58:28.354301
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: May---1---4----,--------2--02---2--
---

## Content

LAW: both good [kalos] and evil [kakos] vs GRACE: good [agathos]
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
GRACE is good [agathos]; But never good [kalos] nor evil [kakos].
LAW 
is both good [kalos] and evil [kakos]. So in law mode evil is also present with good. So both goodness and severity if law as God, but goodness [chrestotes] conditional ("if") on you being good, else severity for you also: as noted in Romans 11:21,22. 
Maturity discerns (to avoid) both good and evil of law: Heb 5:14. 
For along with law good [kalos] comes law evil [kakos]: Rom 7:21.
So it's "evil [kakos] concupiscence" (of law) in Colossians 3:5.
Paul noted in Romans 7:21 (Greek mode):
I find then a law, that, when I would do good [kalos], evil [kakos] is present with me. 
So as a good [kalos] law Pharisee, Saul also had an evil aspect. Hence a need for change from law good [kalos] and evil [kakos] Saul to Paul ministering the gospel of the grace of God is alway and only good [agathos].
So when brethren say God is always good, I now perceive what they are saying is God is always and only grace good [agathos]. The God of all grace is always all grace (allegory: no law at all). 
What are your insights about good [kalos] vs good [agathos] ?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

