---
title: "post 3012"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\October\post_3012.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:22:16.591907
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery: THE END.
Why have modern bibles changed "the end" of Holy Bible?
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Here's how Holy Bible (7th English Bible, KJV) ends properly:
"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen".*
*note:
this is only the grace salutation of Paul (never of John), and written with his "own hand", as clarified by Paul. Eg: 
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV.
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.
Modern bibles have removed the word "Christ" from the end:
Eg: NIV (New International Version), no Christ:
'The grace of the Lord Jesus be with God's people. Amen'.
Eg: CEB (Common English Bible) no Christ, nor Amen:
'The grace of the Lord Jesus be with all'. 
Eg: GW (God's Word) also leaves out the Christ:
'The good will of the Lord Jesus be with all of you. Amen!'
Eg: GNT (Good News Translation): no Christ nor Amen:
'May the grace of the Lord Jesus be with everyone'. 
Eg: NAS (New American Standard): no Christ nor you:
'The grace of the Lord Jesus be with all. Amen'.  
Eg: NCV (New Century Version): no Christ, nor you:
'The grace of the Lord Jesus be with all. Amen'. 
Eg: NIRV (New International Readers Version): no Christ:
'May the grace of the Lord Jesus be with God's people. Amen'.
Eg: NLT (New Living Translation): no Christ, nor Amen: 
'The grace of the Lord Jesus be with you all'.
Eg: ESV (English Standard Version): no Christ, nor you:
'The grace of the Lord Jesus be with all. Amen'.
Eg: NRS (New Revised Standard): no Christ, but partiality:
'The grace of the Lord Jesus be with all the saints. Amen'.
Eg: TM (The Message): no Christ; Jesus = "Master, master".
'The grace of the Master Jesus be with all of you. Oh, Yes!'
Eg: TNIV (Todays New International Version): no Christ:
'The grace of the Lord Jesus be with God's people. Amen'. 
Eg: WNT (Weymouth New Testament): no Christ, nor Amen:
'The grace of the Lord Jesus be with God's people'. 
Eg: WEB (World English Bible): no Christ, partiality to saints:
'The grace of the Lord Jesus be with all the saints. Amen'. 
How important is it to NOT remove word "Christ" from the end?
Seems to remove "Christ" from the end may then allegory allow things to go backward ← BC in time to Old Testament law flaw.
For,
by Y2Ks, when modern bibles had changed "the end", then leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law' (not grace to you from God), and coincidently then media began reporting "worst"* scenarios along with "death" tolls in both news and weather.
*Note:
word "worst" only occurs once, only in OT Ezekiel 7:24←BC.
Hmmm.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

