---
title: "post 1444"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\April\post_1444.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:10:31.907966
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

New Covenant? To new covenant believers: I applaud your shares; Yet I later noticed, to learn yet more, led of the Spirit, that in Hebrews 7:26a&b KJV there's yet more than a new covenant mode of old/new covenants of an OT LORD. 
Eg (of what I, as new covenant believer, also later learned):
- Heb 7:26a notes new "high priest" ("Christ Jesus": Heb 3:1) became "us" (as if of them/us), described as "holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from 
sinners"; As if "Christ Jesus" had gone over to right of left/right (them/us) "heavens" on "high". 
Yet...
even there is still mention of others being "sinners"; So still some law perceived. For when no law, then sin not imputed to any: Rom 5:13; Not even to "them" of them/us: 2Cor 5:19. 
So...
Spirit revealed, I had yet more to go on unto (as in Heb 6:1-3 go on unto perfection involves leaving six things)...
So:
- Heb 7:26b notes this "high priest" also then got made "higher than the heavens" on high. Eg: Eph 4:10 had noted he'd also further ascended higher than right heaven on high, aka already ascended "far above all (plural) heavens" on high. 
wow. 
I'd not yet noticed this, nor yet pondered it was even above better of twain high-minded modes of twain heavens on high.
So 
the Spirit then revealed it was why Paul had previously said x2: "be not high-minded" in Rom 11:20 & 1Tim 6:17; And in Rom 12:16 had said "mind not high things"; And in 2Tim 3:1-5 had listed "high-minded" among "un-holy" things to also turn away from. Wow. I'd not yet noticed this in my study.
So...
the Spirit of truth (sent from higher than the heavens, to be our new guide into "all truth": John 16:13) also revealed to me that being made "higher than the heavens" on high, was also yet more than new covenant mode of old/new covenants. 
It was above(epi) both old/new covenants = duality, as if yet go on, higher, unto the "new and living way" of eternal life, which in 1Tim 6:12b's "also" called unto is like yet a higher calling than our first calling in CJ on high, to come out of them, over to us, of them/us heavens on high. WoW.
And...
it's why, in Hebrews 10-13, Paul then only mentions "Jesus Christ" (no longer "Christ Jesus" as before), as if turning (descending) CJ around to (re-ascending) JC to ascend yet even higher than right heaven of plural heavens on high. WOW.
Hope that share made some sense to new covenant believers. For me it was mind-blowing revelations. Yet not shared to suggest any accusation nor condemnation to any; Rather only for awareness sake, to help our collective awareness upgrade even further than most-high, to higher than high, as if also into "all truth" of the higher God of "all grace" (1Pet 5:10).

