---
title: "post 2717"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\March\post_2717.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-06T22:27:21.519038
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: -----M---ar-c--h---12,-----2--0---23-----
---

## Content

Bible words that no longer occur past a notable point:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
.
"worst"
only 
occurs once in Ezekiel 7:24←BC as a threat of LORD [Yehova], never again. Yet since Y2Ks news and weather media have been reporting 'worst' scenarios along with death tolls; As if time got reversed from AD→forward to backward←BC.
"justice" 
just-ice was an OT law word that never occurs past Ezekiel 45:9. So why do ppl still cry for justice, as if crying for flaw punishment?
"Son of man"
OT term, whose threatening voice in NT said "greater damnation" in Mt 23:14, and "judgment [krisis] also" in Jn 5:27, never occurs past Acts 7:56; Then only "Son of God" occurs for Jesus, as Christ.
"Nazareth"
never occurs past Acts, for Jesus when still "prophet of Nazareth" (Mt 21:11) said some nasty things (Mt 23 - 25). Even a risen Jesus of "Nazareth" still upbraided & damned after the cross in Mark 16.
"life eternal"
Son of man's reverse of "eternal life" never occurs past John 17:3, after noting the only true God sent JC to give "eternal life".
"everlasting life"
OT term, still used in John 3:16 KJV, never occurs past Rom 6:22 when Rom 6:23 clarifies the gift of God is "eternal life", and notably through Jesus→Christ our Lord.
"life everlasting"
NT reverse of OT "everlasting life", also never occurs past 1Tim 1:16... for in 1Tim 6:12b Paul tells Timothy lay hold on "eternal  life" as if the higher calling than fight mode he's "also" called unto.
"conscience"
con-science didn't begin until John 8:9 where law folk got convicted by their own (f-law) conscience, then goes thru mentions of good & evil conscience & "pure conscience" being purged of evil (reverse of live), then never occurs past 1Pet 3:14 where it ends as "good [agathos] conscience" only.
"Christ Jesus"
didn't begin being mentioned until Acts 19:4. It's in whom all suffer persecution in 2Tim 3:12. Then never occurs past 1Pet 5:14, after "God of all grace" (no law) make perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you in 1Pet 5:10; Then it's only "Jesus Christ".
Hmmm,
Seems why Paul, who uses both CJ & JC, always turns mention of CJ around to JC in all his epistles, including Hebrews.
"mercy"
God will have mercy "upon all" (Rom 11:32), obtainable for us at the "throne of grace" (Heb 4:16), then never occurs past Jude 1:21b, clarifies keep "looking" for the "mercy" (not sacrifice) of our Lord Jesus Christ "unto eternal life". So mercy doesn't occur in Revelation, and also did not occur in John nor in 1John.  
What are your insights about words that end being mentioned?
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus→Christ be with you all. Amen.

