---
title: "post 2301"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2022\January\post_2301.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2022
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T14:24:33.802269
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Delicate Topic:
Are "Son of man" & "Son of God" the same OR different?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
TWAIN: "Son of man" & "Son of God" occur for "Jesus" in Matthew to Acts; BUT beyond Acts NO Son of man, ONLY Son of God for a  gospel of "Christ" through Jesus → Christ: is not twain, but one.
Many say Jesus was 100% man (as Son of man) & 100% God (as Son of God); But Numbers 23:19 had noted God is not a man that he should lie, neither son of man than he should repent.
Seems only as Son of God is Jesus like the only true & the only wise God: graceful, merciful, peaceful. 
When "Son of man" asked disciples whom say ye that I (Son of man) am? Simon-Peter said thou art the "Christ". But then Jesus said "tell no man" this: Mt 16:30; Mk 8:30; Lk 9:21. Hmmm.
Mt 27:54 & Mk 15:39 note the centurion at the cross said Truly this man was the Son of God.
God did not send plural Sons, but one "Son", and save the world is "through him" (through Jesus → Christ); For the "only begotten"  Son is not Son of man nor twain, but "Son of God": John 3:16-18. 
Mt 25:31-46 notes "Son of man" would be divisional and send some away to "everlasting punishment". This is NOT merciful. Son of God noted Father is merciful: Lk 6:36.
Lk 17:24-30 notes a day of "Son of man" would be like days of Noah & Lot, where result was "destroyed (not saved) them all".
In contrast
Son of God would not destroy: Mt 5:17 nor even accuse: Jn 5:45.
Jn 3;14 notes "Son of man" must be lifted up like Moses lifted up a "serpent". Note: that did not stop serpents biting people, but only healed them after bitten, when they looked at the brazen serpent Moses lifted up on a pole.
Son of man is both nice & nasty (as if law both good & evil).
Son of God is nice only (as if grace is good only).
Seems Jesus played both parts to reveal how law & grace differ.
But Eph 2;15 notes of twain within him, he abolished the law.
Seems why, for gospel of "Christ" through Jesus → Christ in Romans forward there is NO more mention of Son of man, but ONLY Son of God, as then being not twain, but one: the "only begotten": only the "Son of God", as "Christ" is the end of law.
Seems in John 5:25-29 Jesus revealed that when he was still 2 Sons: twain: both Son of God & Son of man, that then he still had 2 voices saying different things: "live" & "judgment [krisis] also", even calling for 2 resurrections: of "life" & of "damnation" = bad end.
Seems Jesus oft "turned" himself about to say different things. For eg: in Mt 16:17 he complimented Peter, then in 16:23 "turned" and called Peter "Satan". 
But as if voice of Son of God in Jn 5:45 notes he would not even accuse any.
Clarity: this is not posted to speak against Son of man nor Jesus, but to consider what is written about Son of man & Son of God; And notice no mention of Son of man beyond Acts, is then called gospel of "Christ", of through Jesus → Christ, as if having gone through his 2 Sons Jesus mode to his 1 Son Christ mode.
What are your insights about such things?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

