---
title: "post 1575"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\October\post_1575.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2018
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:58:35.400099
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Re: Our "Father" (Papa):
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ. Re Papa ("Father"), FYI, notice:
In Ephesians 4:4-6 KJV (re u-nity of Spirit):
there's 7 one's, and God is one = 7th; THEN ALSO "and Father" (Papa) who is "above all" (even above God is one). So then "Father" = 8th (above 7). Yet re "Father", says 3 things: "who is above all, and through all, and in you all". 
So 
then...
b/c "Father", above 7, also "through all, and in you all"; Father is in all of u, to be sure u (all the kingdom of God within u), make it safely "through all" a biblical "shew" (of "allegory" & "mystery" having lots of twists), 
which seems (as some now say it seems)... 
As If going "through" an ever more challenging "learning" game (experience) perhaps as if a simulation; Written "aforetime" to go learn: if will of God is: "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice", has allegory meaning to "go learn" (Mt 9:13), perhaps it means God will have grace, not law, for all to have eternal life, not death; thereby not division, but eternal peace.
Because...
NT "eternal life" (not "life eternal", nor OT "everlasting life", nor even NT "life everlasting") is what "God, that cannot lie" (all truth), promised "before the world began" (as if before a biblical learning "shew" began);
And 
what began: "the world began": by shew (simulation) began; Yet such "also" has an "end" (already) written:
As if to then,
"end" what(?) began, such as assumed law flaw began, due to unawareness there is no law (flaw) in all grace = all truth.
So when ended properly, with no men-tion of law flaw to any, then like it never happened (was only a shew), and never will happen (not when made fully aware eternal life IS our reality).
The (Fatherly eternal life) grace of our (re-ascended) Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

