---
title: "post 2154"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2021\June\post_2154.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2021
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T12:16:30.904696
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Another mass killing: manifestation of EVIL CONCUPISCENCE?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
In London, Ontario, Canada a young man used his truck to mass kill a Muslim family of 5 on their walk to & from a mosque. Police have already called it a premeditated HATE CRIME, which means they found evidence for such, as if radicalized terrorism. 
It 
made me think of evil "concupiscence" of law to mortify in Colossians 3:5, which apostle Paul noted in Romans 7 can take legalistic people captive, make them have an overwhelming evil desire to do the very things law forbids: kill; then hounds with a guilt-trip after doing such until PTSD suicidal as punishment.
Police do seem to apply radicalized hatred to such killings; But never seem to associate it to biblical "concupiscence" of law, which has also caused some police to do some evil concupiscence things like shoot a person 8x in the back, etc. It has also caused some priests to sexually molest children.
USA has reported over 300 mass killings in 1st 6 mos of 2021. 
Odd thing is most well educated people have never even heard of biblical "concupiscence" [epithymia] of law, even though it's mentioned 3x in Romans 7:8, Colossians 3:5, 1Thessalonians 4:5; And 31x as "lust", yet "concupiscence" is more of an overwhelming evil desire of law. So I thought I'd mention it along with this connect the dots example for awareness sake:
Our Father ... deliver us from EVIL: Luke 11:4
Now we are delivered from the LAW: Romans 7:6  
What are your thoughts & insights about "concupicence" of law?
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ (is the end of the law) be/is with you all. Amen.

