---
title: "post 1065"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\February\post_1065.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2017
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T19:35:57.846555
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ---------De--c----e-m-ber-----8--,--2--0----16-
---

## Content

Although not [yet] all grace, many good talking points worthy of sharing

#Where
, then, is 
#boasting
? It is excluded. On what principle? On that of observing the law? No, but on that of faith. (Romans 3:27) 
There are several essential principles in Christianity, but the paramount one is 'faith.' Christianity is not a religion, nor is it a legalistic system, i.e., a structure of rules and regulations to be stringently followed. Christianity is a union or relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ. Its existence and dynamics are vastly superior, above and beyond religion, legalism and every other order or system established or promulgated by man for the purpose of achieving the approbation of God. Christianity is derived from the grace of God; therefore, it is a grace system, which places it in antithesis to all legalistic systems and 'religion.' Grace is diametrically opposed to the Law. 
Law was given through Moses. Grace came through Jesus Christ. 
Law says, 'This do and you will live.' Grace says, 'Live and then you will do.' 
Law says, 'Pay me what you owe.' Grace says, 'I forgive you what you owe.' 
Law says, 'The wages of sin is death.' Grace says, 'The gift of God is eternal life.' 
Law says, 'The soul that sins will die.' Grace says, 'Whosoever believes in Jesus, even though he was dead, yet he will live; and whosoever lives and believes in Him will never die. 
Law pronounces condemnation and death. Grace proclaims justification and life. 
Law says, 'Make you a new heart and a new spirit.' Grace says, 'A new heart will I give you, and a new Spirit will I put within you.' 
Law says, 'Cursed is every one that continues not in all things that are written in the book of the law to do them.' Grace says, 'Blessed is the man whose iniquities are forgiven, whose sin is covered; blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute iniquity.' 
Law says, 'You shall love the Lord thy God with all your heart, and with all your mind, and with all your strength.' Grace says, 'Herein is love: not that we love God, but that He loved us, and sent His Son to be the propitiation for our sins.' 
Law speaks of what we must do for God. Grace tells of what Christ has done for us. 
Law addresses a person as part of the old creation. Grace makes a person a member of the new creation. 
Law bears on a nature prone to disobedience. Grace creates a nature inclined to obedience. 
Law demands holiness. Grace gives holiness. 
But there is only one key that unlocks God's treasure cache of grace for all mankind. That key is 'faith.' Faith not only permits one to enter God's life of grace, but faith also unlocks the power of God, which is the only enabling means whereby a person can live the Christian (spiritual) life.

