---
title: "post 3071"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\November\post_3071.md"
---
---
circa_date: November 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T17:57:01.693232
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

John 3:13-18 KJV vs John 3:13-18 NKJV
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
For context, let's read John 3:13-18 in KJV, to notice:
3:13,14 notes "Son of man" (not Son of God) is noted as if being like a "serpent"
(note: that did not stop people being serpent bit, but only healed them bit when they looked upon brass serpent on a pole Moses lifted up),
then 3:15,16 reverses
NT "eternal life" in John 3:15 to OT "life everlasting" in John 3:16.
(note: "everlasting life" was OT, and ends being mentioned in Romans 6:22 when contrasted with NT "eternal life" in Rom 6:23, which then clarifies "eternal life" is "gift" of God "through Jesus → Christ")
then it 3:17 clarifies (THROUGH his Son: thru Jesus → Christ):
God sent not his Son (aka Son of God) to condemn (aka law) the world, but that the world "through him" (aka through Jesus → Christ) might be saved (saved only, not both saved & destroyed after like OT LORD did: Jude 1:5).
then 3:18 clarifies
condemned already is by not believe in name of the ONLY begotten "Son of God" (not in Son of man, which never occurs beyond Acts 7).
John 3:13-18 KJV:
13 And no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven.
14 And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up:
15 That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.
16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.
18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.
Also,
let's read John 17:2,3 in KJV to notice:
it contrasts "eternal life" & "life eternal" (reverse of "eternal life" used by "Son of man" in Mt 25:46, but ends being mentioned in John 17:3.
John 17:2,3 KJV
2 As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him.
3 And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.
I suggest those reading NKJV for these verses research who published NKJV, and notice how by change "charity" to "love" the NKJV contradicts itself, by then saying two contrary things:
- the love [agape] of many shall wax cold: Mt 24:12,
and
- love [agape] never fails: 1Cor 13:8.
NKJV also contradicts itself by change Holy "Ghost" to "Spirit",
by then saying contrary things:
- never forgiveness for blasphemy Holy Spirit: Mt 12:32; Mk 3:29,
and
- God (is Spirit) hath forgiven you all: Eph 4:32, Col 2:13.
Interesting KJV & NKJV contrast & context in KJV.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus Christ (be) with you all. 
Amen.

