---
title: "post 0867"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\July\post_0867.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2016
comments: 9
scraped: 2025-11-11T18:57:29.357226
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

SCIENCE knowledge? Is "science" TrustWorthy "knowledge"?
- In 1Timothy 6:20 KJV "science" in English is 'gnosis' knowledge of 2 kinds of "knowledge" in Greek mode: 'gnosis" & 'epignosis'.
- In 1Corinthians 13:8 KJV "knowledge" ('gnosis': aka "science") shall "vanish away" when contrasted with what "never faileth".
- In 2Timothy 2:4 KJV God our Saviour (not save + destroy) will have all saved AND come unto 'epignosis' knowledge of the 
truth.
SO THEN, according to biblical narrative, allegoric mystery thereof to solve... 
even when getting beyond Saviour Jesus (called Saviour of Israel) & Saviour Christ (called Saviour of the world) to God our Saviour (called only wise Saviour, of these three Saviours portrayed; aka the only one of three who cannot lie nor die), an ↑upgrade↑ from 'gnosis' to 'epignosis" knowledge ALSO required by "that God" ; As if upgrade from lower law knowledge to higher grace knowledge, by contrast both & real-ize science; 'gnosis' knowledge can & does fail; even if it's 'gnosis' kind of "knowledge (law) of our Lord JC", isn't [yet] 'epignosis' kind of "knowledge (grace) of our Lord JC".
WHO knew there's both 'gnosis' & 'epignosis' knowledge of JC?
POINT: TheEnd to ENDure unto = the "grace" of our Lord JC; Because even a BetterLaw of our Lord JC, aka "commandment" (rule, ordinance, law) to "Love one another", which began in John 13:34, also has a notable "end" in 1Tim 1:5 KJV, which says "NOW, the end of the commandment is:
- charity (not love) out of a pure heart, and
- [of] of a good conscience (also has begin & end), and
- [of] faith unfeigned (grace faith, since law is not of fath). 
Discussion:    
- in recent & rapid UnCoverings of CoverUps now happening & going viral on alternative media, via internet (attributed to science), seems it's being evidenced NASA (science thereof) has not only LIED about moon landing (staged hoax), but suggested NASA lies about everything; As if to win a con-test of who can tell biggest lies and have such believed by the most ppl for the longest time. 
- seems to get and/or retain gov't funding, most science-tists have had to either alter, or let gov't alter, their published findings.
- although atheists & gnostics perhaps did well to put away a plural God of plural & contrary scriptures = oxymoron, seems they turned to science ('gnosis' knowledge thereof) for answers, rather than continue to seek & find a true God who can't lie nor die.
What are your thoughts & findings about such knowledge(s)?

