---
title: "post 1942"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\April\post_1942.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:23:53.040230
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

WORST? What's causing OT "worst"←BC things to manifest ww in AD, as reported in news & weather? Let's investigate: 
Grace, mercy, peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
"worst" only occurs once in Bible, in OT Ezekiel 7:24←BC. It's OT LORD[Yehovah] who said by Ezekiel (Son of man) he'd bring "worst"... destruction cometh, and they shall seek peace, and there shall be none. Mischief upon mischief. So...
If 
both news & weather have reported 'worst' things occuring ww, along with "death" tolls, ever since Y2Ks, coincidently when leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law', then the quandry should be: How is "worst"←BC manifesting in AD?
Seems there may be several plausible reasons for such:
1. By Y2Ks modern bibles had all removed "Christ" from their end in Revelation 22:21. Then "worst" began ww, with 9/11, as if time itself had changed from AD→fwd to bwd←BC.
2. After Y2Ks supposedly fixed a time glitch in computers ww, then leaders of nations began saying 'rule of law'. Then not only people ww began crying for "justice" (also OT←BC), but even weather turned apocalyptic wrathful in diverse places.
Seems massive ignorance of leaders, unaware "law" works "wrath" (not grace, mercy, peace), which "God has not appointed us to": 1Thess 5:9, and ignorance of people, unaware "justice"←BC a law word that finds fault to punish.
3. After Y2Ks major religions: Jews, Mulsims, Christians became feudal, both amongst themselves & toward others; As if a nasty Law God had sent them "strong delusion" in 2Thess 2:11, to beLIEve a lie, that they might all be damned.
Then "evil concupiscence" of law began taking people captive, making them do horrible things like mass shootings, as if to fulfill law being a ministration of death (not life).  
So it seems law is the root cause of "worst" occuring, and today it was "worst" swarms of locusts in Africa. Hmmm. 
Let's wish all leaders & all people Grace, Mercy, Peace; And encourage all to put away nasty OT LORD[Yehovah] as God.
Let's tell people there's a nice "God of all grace" has no law, thereby no wrath nor delusion to send to anyone.
Interesting "mystery" details to notice for our awareness sake.
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

