---
title: "post 3108"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\December\post_3108.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T20:49:57.154595
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: D--------ec------e--m--b-er-2---,----20--2-3---
---

## Content

Gospel of "Christ" is THROUGH Jesus → Christ, in Christ,
Because:
JESUS WAS 2Sons: Son of man & Son of God: Master, master. 
CHRIST IS 1Son: the ONLY begotten Son of God: one Master.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
"Jesus" was called dual "Master, master" in Mark 14:45 & Luke 8:24; As if to allegory portray he was then two (many) masters, when still both Son of man & Son of God. 
So, 
he noted about this in Matthew 6:24 & Luke 16:13, saying that no man or servant can serve two masters. 
So, 
he clarified twice in Matthew 23:8,10 that only "one" is your "Master": "Christ".
Jesus was called both Son of God & Son of man in Matthew to Acts; And in John 5:25-29 he allegory revealed, about himself, that while twain, he still had two voices saying contrary things: 
Son of God voice says "live" (allegory as if only grace),
Son of man voice says "judgment [krisis] also" (allegory as if grace & law also).
But 
for the gospel of "Christ" beyond (LukeWarm) Acts, in Romans forward, there is 
- NO more mention of Son of man, 
- ONLY mention of Son of God, 
and of through our Lord Jesus → Christ, which allegory takes us through Jesus' twain mode (duality) to Christ is one mode.
Jesus was only called Saviour of Israel, as their Jewish Messiah.
Christ is called Saviour of the world. In Christ it's all new (only). 
So,
the gospel of "Christ" is through Jesus → Christ our Lord.
Eternal life is the gift of God THROUGH Jesus → Christ.
In Jesus, as 2Sons, it was still both twain: old & new.
In Christ is 1Son, it is only one: all things (only) new: 2Cor 5:17.
So,
"in Christ" is portrayed as being through Jesus → Christ.
2Cor 5:20 notes now we are ambassadors of "Christ".
Ephesians 2:15 notes he abolished the enmity: the law of commandments, to make of twain within himself, one new man [anthropos], so making peace; 
Yet 
Eph 4:13 notes fulness of "Christ" as being a perfect 'aner' man (not anthropos), and by the knowledge [epignosis] of the Son of God.
What are your insights about these biblical things noted?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

