---
title: "post 1636"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\January\post_1636.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T09:50:37.557632
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Divine: OT word not used in NT till Heb 9:1 & 2Pet 1:2-4. Why? Let's investigate.
Grace, mercy, and peace (to all), from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
I only mention this, about word "divine" ppl still use, to inform & encourage investigation why it's not NT used until called "divine service" in Heb 9:1 & "divine" nature in 2Pet 1:4. Here's mystery hidden in greek for those who investigate: 
Divine is still like Godhead1, of 3 kinds of "Godhead":
- Godhead1 (Acts 17:29) = 'theios' = divine nature (2Pet 1:4)
- Godhead2 (Rom 1:20) = 'theiotes' (noun) = not still divine
- Godhead3 (Col 2:9) = 'theotes' (noun) = also not divine
So, although partakers of divine nature (2Pet 1:4) do escape the corruption that is in the world, BEing "complete" in "Christ" (of thru J→C) doesn't occur until after "fulness" of Godhead3 in Col 2:9,10; And...
because in Col 2:11-14 after the "operation of God" we're awakened from it's then not only forgiven all trespasses, but also blotting out of all ordinances ever handwritten against us. 
For in Eph 4:13,14 "fulness" of Christ (perfect "man" = 'aner') is then "be no more children"; Not even still "children" of God delivered from bondage of corruption in Rom 8:21. 
Why?
Seems Paul notes, in 1Cor 14:20 & Eph 4:14-31, "children" mode still has "malice" to put away, to then BE 'aner' man perfect as the "fulness" of Christ (is the end, not mend, of law).
The "grace" of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

