---
title: "post 2947"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\August\post_2947.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T11:53:56.554475
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Reasons "LORD" [Yehova; Yahweh] DIFFERS from "God".
Grace, Mercy, Peace from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
"LORD" [Yehova] & "God" [Elohim] not only DIFFER in name, but in contrary commands to Noah: Genesis 6 - 9. 
- 
"God"[Elohim] said two: male & female: Gen 6:19, but 
- "LORD"[Yehova] said clean by sevens, unclean by two: Gen 7:2.
So, "God" did not see any unclean, but "LORD" did, and wanted Noah to sacrifice clean to the "LORD" after flood: Gen 8:20.
"LORD" both saved and afterward destroyed people: Jude 1:5.
"God" our Saviour will have all men saved and truthed: 1Tim 2:3,4.
So, Jude 1:25 concludes:
"the only wise God" is "God our Saviour" (does not also destroy).
day of "LORD" comes as destruction (not salvation): Isaiah 13:6.
day of "God" comes as salvation (not destruction): 2Thess 2:13.
So, Jesus Christ, sent from "the only true God", with grace and truth, said: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill (with grace and truth, until all thought of law destruction is put away as if lie).
- day of "LORD" is darkness, and not light: Amos 5:18.
(Perhaps allegory for day of LORD is law, not grace).
- day of "God" is light having no darkness at all: 1John 1:5. 
(Perhaps allegory for "God of all grace" has no law to flaw).
So, JC Luke 11:35 said take heed the light in thee be not darkness.
LORD [Yehova; Yahweh] is a liar and deceiver. -1 Kings 22:23.
the only true God does not/cannot lie. - Titus 1:2; Hebrews 6:18.
LORD dwells in deep darkness. -1 Kings 8:12, Exodus 20:21, Deut 5:22-23
God dwells in unapproachable light.- 1 Tim 6:16
Yahweh uses death to control people. - The whole Old Testament.
Death is an enemy of God, it is the last enemy that Jesus will destroy. -1 Cor 15:26
Moses spoke to LORD [Yehova; Yahweh] face to face.- Exodus 33:11.
Jesus said that NO ONE has ever seen God or heard his voice. -John 1:18 and John 5:37
LORD claims to be God and gives Moses 10 commandments.- Exodus 20
The New Testament calls law commandments a ministry of death and condemnation which was given by angels. - 2 Cor 3:7, 2 Cor 3:9, Gal 3:19, Acts 7:53, Heb 2:2.
Yahweh sends fire from Heaven to murder people.- Gen 19:24, 2 Kings 1:10,12.
Jesus said this is from the wrong spirit and rebukes his disciples for asking to call fire from Heaven. Jesus says he came to save men’s lives not destroy them. -Luke 9:54-55.
In Rev 13:3 we see that fire from Heaven is a sign of the beast so he would be worshipped.
LORD creates darkness and evil: Isaiah 45:7.
God is light, not darkness, and good[agathos], not evil.
Yahweh wants to make a name for himself on the earth by doing great signs and wonders which include, curses, plagues, famines, rape, killing of men women and children, poisoning the water supply, mass murder and every kind of terrorism. -Exodus 7-11.
Jesus never tried to make a name for himself, he said his kingdom was not of this world and he came against every evil that was committed by Yahweh. - John 18:36 and All four Gospels.
LORD loves those that love him and hates those that disobey him. -Prov 8:17, Deut 28:15:68.
God does not hate, but loves those that love him and loves those that hate him, Jesus calls this the perfection of God. -Luke 6:32, Matt 5:46.
Yahweh sends rain on those that obey him and he sends drought on those that don’t. -Deut 28:23.
God sends rain on the righteous and unrighteousness. -Matt 5:45.
LORD returns evil for evil, an eye for an eye.- Lev 24:19-21.
Jesus said do not return evil for evil or an eye for an eye but love your enemy. -Matt 5:38-40.
Yahweh sends demonic murderous spirits.
-1 Samuel 16:14-16, 23, 18:10, 19:9
Jesus casts out demonic spirits.
-Matt 8:28-34, Mark 5:1-17 
Yahweh curses people with famine.- Deut 11:16-17, 1 Kings 8:35-40, 2 Sam 21:1,
Yahweh curses people with such famine that they eat their own children. -Lev 26:29, Deut 28:53-57 . Can you imagine anything more evil than that?
Jesus feeds the hungry.- Matt 14:13-21.
LORD [Yehova] oppresses.- Deut 28:20-22.
Jesus frees the oppressed.- Luke 4:18
Yahweh steals, kills and destroys. - Whole Old Testament.
Jesus heals, saves and restores.- whole New Testament.
LORD fills us with the spirit of fear. Whole Old Testament.
God does not give us a spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and a sound mind. 2 Tim 1:7.
Yahweh is the god of this age/world.
Jesus came to cast out the god of this age/world.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

