---
title: "post 3651"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2025\January\post_3651.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2025
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T20:22:49.965949
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

AARON'S (LAW) BENEDICTION: Numbers 6:24-26 ?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
"The LORD [Yehova] bless thee..." 
Sounds good, Yet... FYI:
Numbers 6:24-26 for children of Israel, Aaron's Benediction,
was OT law bless by OT law priest of OT law LORD [Yehova],
who in Malachi 4:6 still had OT←BC threat of curse attached.
Eg: (curse attached)
Deuteronomy 27:14-26 had 12 Levite (law priest) mentions of "cursed", to which all the people (all 12 tribes of Israel) said "Amen" (to being cursed).
So
OT law bless (of OT law LORD) can be both blessed and cursed, as if
bad end of law both good [kalos] and evil [kakos]: Romans 7:21.
James 3:10 also notes law's bless and curse ought not so to be.
In contrast
God is grace good [agathos], not law good [kalos] & evil [kakos].
So, 
'God Bless' is as bless only (no curse att'd), as if His grace only.
Seems
it's OT LORD [Yehova] that creates darkness and evil: Isaiah 45:7.
It helped me to see in Noah's ark story: Genesis 6 - 8:
"God" [Elohim] & "LORD" [Yehova] DIFFER,
not only in name, but in loading of ark:
"God" commanded Noah two of each, male & female;
"LORD" commanded Noah clean by 7's, unclean by 2's = 9 of each.
LORD [Yehova] is not nice in these verses
Isaiah 13:6 day of LORD comes as "destruction" (not salvation).
Jeremiah 23:39 LORD will forget you and "forsake" you.
Ezekiel 7:24,25 LORD will bring "worst", then no peace to seek.
Amos 5:18 day of LORD is "darkness", not light (law, not grace).
Jude 1:5 reminder: LORD both saved and "afterward destroyed".
"God of all grace" is all grace, as if all nice, not also lastly nasty.
hope that FYI mention made some sense,
of why I don't use Aaron's (law LORD) Benediction to bless,
but rather use Paul's NT grace salutation to end chats.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ (be/is) with you all. Amen.

