---
title: "post 0139"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2014\May\post_0139.md"
---
---
circa_date: May 2014
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-08T20:43:13.366057
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Bible Mystery: BY JC ... THROUGH J→C:
Grace and Truth came BY Jesus Christ; But
Peace & Victory are THROUGH Jesus→Christ:
Jn 1:17; 3:17; 20:31; Rom 5:1; 1Cor 15:57; 2Cor 5:19
John 
1:17 KJV
For the law was given by Moses, [but] 
grace and truth came BY Jesus Christ. 
John 3:17 KJV
For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; 
but that the world THROUGH him might be saved. 
John 20:31 KJV
But these are written, 
that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; 
and that believing ye might have life THROUGH his name.     
Romans 5:1 KJV
Therefore being justified by faith, 
we have peace with God 
THROUGH our Lord Jesus→Christ: 
1Corinthians 15:57 KJV
But thanks [be] to God, which giveth us 
the victory THROUGH our Lord Jesus→Christ.
2Corinthians 5:19 KJV
To→wit, that God was in Christ, 
reconciling the world unto himself, 
not imputing their trespasses unto them; and 
hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation.  
REASONING:
- Jesus = division, not (yet) peace: Luke 12:51; But
→Christ = peace, not divided: 1Cor 1:13; Eph 2:15.
- Two Sons Jesus = ``Master, master``: Luke 8:24; But
→``One`` Son ``Christ`` = ``Master``: Matthew 23:8,10.
- Two Sons Jesus = saved + condemned: Jn 3:18; But
→One Son Christ = no condemnation: Romans 8:1
- God sent not Sons, but ``Son``: the Son ``of God``;
→God sent not his Son to condemn (law) the world.
- Jesus did not (yet) give them rest (peace): Jn 7:43; Heb 4:8.
→God is not (author) of confusion, but of peace: 1Cor 14:33.
- Jesus was mend (change) of the law: Matthew 5:43,44; But
→Christ ``is the end of the law``: Romans 10:4; Eph 2:15.
- Jesus was only Saviour of Israel, via better law speak; But
→Christ is Saviour of the world via grace→mercy→peace.

