---
title: "post 3457"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\August\post_3457.md"
---
---
circa_date: August 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-05T00:59:23.656741
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Let's note & discuss how "Jesus" & "Christ" DIFFER; 
As why the gospel of "Christ" in Romans → forward 
is "through our Lord Jesus→Christ", to then be "in Christ".
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus→Christ our Lord.
"Jesus" was "Saviour of Israel" twice in Acts, aka not yet of all.
"Christ" is twice called the "Saviour of the world", aka of "all".
So, 
not condemn but save world is "through→him": Jn 3:17.
"Jesus" clarified, twice in Mt 10:34 & Lk 12:51, he did not come to send nor give peace on earth, but sword & division.
"Christ" twice said "Peace" in Lk 24:36 & Jn 20:19, 21.
So, 
Jn 7:43 noted there was still provoked "division" (not peace) among people "because of him", aka Jesus; And 1Cor 14:33 noted God is not (author) of confusion, but of "peace".
In Mark 16:6-16 (where no grace yet) even a risen "Jesus" of "Nazareth" still "upbraided" & "damned". Seems this (Mt 21:11) "prophet of Nazareth" Jesus, this OT←Son of man Jesus, was both nice & nasty (like law is both good & evil). Hebrews 1 notes he only ascended to right of a a "Majesty" of (plural) heavens on high, where he still had enemies.
In contrast 
"Christ" ascended to right hand of "God" (higher than the heavens on high) to have no enemies.
So, 
in Rom→fwd, no more mention of Son of man nor of Nazareth, as then being the gospel of "Christ", of thru Jesus→Christ.
In John 5:25-29 "Jesus" revealed, about himself, that when still 2 Sons: both Son of God→&←Son of man, he still had 2 voices saying contrary things: "live" & "judgment also"; As if twain: grace & law also. Such occurs in Mt - Acts; 
But, 
in Romans→forward no more Son of man, only of Son of God, as then the gospel of "Christ", who of twain within himself abolished the enmity: the law: Eph 2:15. 
So, 
in "Christ" it's all things new, not new & old as in "Jesus".
Clarity:
Such is not said to speak against Jesus, but to aware things he revealed about himself, such as when called "Good" [agathos = grace good] Master, he replied why call me good [agathos], noting only one is good [agathos], that is God.
In Lk 8:24 his disciples called Jesus "Master, master"  = two many masters, also Big, little. So in Mt 23:8,10 he twice noted only "one" is your (Big) "Master": "Christ".
Interesting details of allegoric mystery to notice, ponder, discuss.
What are your insights about such?
The grace of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

