---
title: "post 3407"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\July\post_3407.md"
---
---
circa_date: July 2024
comments: 2
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-04T23:08:44.575142
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

EPISTLE FORMAT
of Apostle Paul 
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Most 
readers do not notice that Apostle Paul has a unique Epistle Format that occurs from Romans to Philemon.
Paul's epistles open and close with GRACE, and what's in the midst allegory being as if it's quarantined between Grace & Grace, which is the only safe way to look at a deadly virus called law: sin: death.
Holy Kiss GREETING: GRACE to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
DISCUSSION: of many law vs grace allegories to be aware of.
SALUTATION: The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ BW ITH YUO ALL. AMEN.
Modern life coaches call such 
PEP: Positive Evaluate Positive.
What many also do not notice is this:
The End Jesus Mt 24:13 said to ENDure unto to be saved (aka saved only by grace only, instead of saved & destroyed by OT LORD) is the GRACE salutation of Paul (not John), which Paul 2Thessalonians 3:17,18 noted he always penned such with his "own hand":
2Thessalonians 3:17,18 KJV
The salutation of Paul with mine own hand, which is the token in every epistle: so I write. 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Revelation 22:21 KJV 
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

