---
title: "post 3102"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2023\December\post_3102.md"
---
---
circa_date: December 2023
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-07T20:48:15.745969
source: v3.4.2
raw_timestamp: ----D-ec-e-mber-6,--------2-02------3----------
---

## Content

1/3=0.333→2/3=0.666→3/3=1.000: 
Let's see how this math is allegory portrayed in Bible.
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
3 
seek & find modes: 
cOLD→LukeWarm→Hot
1/3=0.333→2/3=0.666→3/3=1.000
I am = the way(1/3)→the truth(2/3)→and the life(3/3).
children of wicked→children of God→no more children.
servants of sin→servants of righteousness→not servant. 
the will of God: 
good→acceptable→perfect: Romans 12:2b
Adam1(all die)→Adam2(all die)→Christ(all live): 1Cor 15.
old way→new way→new and living way
great→greater→greatest of 3 things
faith→hope→charity (1Cor 13:13 KJV)
if tail of a great red dragon drew away 1/3 of stars of heaven, and cast them down to earth, it leaves those remaining as 2/3, until 1/3 is restored, so heaven can be 3/3=1. LOL.
WONDERful→More WONDERful→ONEderful
Law of sin & death→Law of the Spirit→Grace(no law).
Good→Better→Best
3 Saviours:
3rd: God our Saviour: all saved & fully truthed.......best.
2nd: Christ: Saviour of the world: all saved..........better.
1st: Jesus: Saviour of Israel: some saved.............good.
Glory to God in the highest (of high→higher→highest).
1/3=0.333→2/3=0.666→3/3=1.000
nothing→still nothing→everything
under the law→under grace→with grace (Heb 13:9 KJV)
everasting life→life everlasting→eternal life (no death)
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

