---
title: "post 3284"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\April\post_3284.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T21:16:45.478320
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

JUDE's CONCLUSION
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.
Jude contrasts how the LORD [Yehova] both saved & destroyed afterward -vs- God [Theos] our Saviour only saves & awares (not also destroys). 
So, 
concludes "the only wise God" is "God our Saviour": 6th mention of "God our Saviour", 5 previous by Paul began in 1Timothy (the epistle from Laodicea noted in Colossians 4:16).
In 1Timothy Paul not only began the mention of "God our Saviour", and then added "mercy" to his previous greetings of grace & peace; 
But then clarified in 1Tim 2:3,4 "God our Saviour" (not also destroyer) will have 
ALL men [anthropos] saved 
AND come unto the (higher) knowledge [epignosis] of the truth.
So, for "God our Saviour" it's ALL saved (none destroyed) AND  aware (aka ALL graced & truthed after) 
in contrast to OT LORD's saved & destroyed after. 
Seems like a Law vs Grace contrast.
Interesting thing is Jude's greeting (to them sanctifed by "God" the Father & preserved in Jesus Christ) is "Mercy unto you, and peace, and love, be multiplied". 
Then in his exhortation he advises keep yourself in the LOVE of "God" (not of LORD), looking for the MERCY of our Lord Jesus Christ (aka of grace & truth) unto ETERNAL LIFE. 
Yet 
in the apocalyptic book of Revelation there is neither mention of "mercy" nor of "eternal life". 
So Jude has the last mention of "mercy" and last mention of "eternal life". Hmmm.
Mercy is obtainable at the "throne of grace" in Hebrews 4:16. Yet when search for "mercy" there's none in John nor 1John. Hmmm.
Jude's 1:24,25 conclusion also begins with "now":
24 Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy,
25 To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen. 
What are your insights about the book of Jude, and his conclusion the only wise God is God our Saviour who will have ALL men saved AND come unto the knowledge [epignosis] of the truth?
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.

