---
title: "post 1697"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\April\post_1697.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:36:13.724171
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ------M---ar---ch2---0---,----20-1------9
---

## Content

Gabriel? NT favour & grace? cOLD←LukeWarm→Hot?
Hot→Loving Grace, Mercy, and lasting Peace to all. 
Here's what I learned (from Spirit of truth Comforter & guide) re biblical NT "favour" (charis1) & "grace" (charis2):
- 
neither "favour" nor "grace" occur yet, in Mt & Mk, b/c Gal 4:4 notes Jesus was 1st made "under the law" (is good + evil).
- then "favour" (charis1) only occurs 6 times, and only from Luke 1:30 to Acts 25:3, lastly what high priest (chief of Jews) desired "against" Paul, to "kill" him. (Hmmm, Luke & Acts are allegory as if still LukeWarm mode, not yet Hot mode).
- but "grace" (charis2) then also occurs over 100 times, and from Luke 2:40 to Revelation 22:21, yet never as having partiality (favour) to any nor ever being over against any.
So then, it reasons "grace" (charis2) is so "much more" than so-called unmerited "favour"; Like Gabriel, in Lk 1:26-30, told Mary she was "highly favoured"; But his salutation "troubled" her. Why? For even in OT it notes "respect of persons" (aka partiality, favour) isn't good (aka isn't of "God": Rom 2:11). 
Hmmm...
If Gabriel also "troubled" Zachariah, by where he stool in temple; Maybe it was Gabriel (angelic messenger of OT law) who "troubled" water at pool in Bethesda, IMPotent (law) man (foolishly) wanted help to be thrown into "troubled" water. lol.
Hmmm. 
Interesting biblical "mystery" clues to notice, by revelatory help of Spirit of truth guidance, about Gabriel, favour & grace, also about cOLD←LukeWarm→Hot; As why Mt 24:12 said love of many shall wax cOLD←LukeWarm, when iniquity shall abound, as if to allegory say LukeWarm isn't yet Hot mode).
Seems cOLD←LukeWarm→Hot are allegory similar to
great←greater→greatest & good+evil←better→best.
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus→Christ" [be/is] "with" you "all". Amen.

