---
title: "post 1431"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\April\post_1431.md"
---
---
circa_date: April 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T22:04:32.999435
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Great, Greater, Greatest:  Great love is WONDERful, Greater love more WONderful, yet of 3: Great, Greater, Greatest; Allegory of cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot in seek & find: "Greatest" of "three" in KJV is "charity"(as if higher 'agape' than "love"); More ONEderful than WONDERful & WONderful. 
For 
greatest of three (more excellent way than broad/narrow ways of many/few: neither yet all) thinks no evil(reverse of live) and thereby "charity never 
faileth": 1Cor 13:5-8 KJV.
But re "love":
even if love('agape') of 7 kinds of NT love, even in modern bibles:
let's notice Jesus had said, in Mt 24:12, even the 'agape' love of many shall wax cold, of cOLD, LukeWarm, Hot. 
So...
in modern bibles (only use "love", not also "charity" for 'agape'), to therein say both love('agape') shall wax cold and say love('agape') never fails seems more of a contradiction, than a love/charity high/higher 'agape' contrast in KJV. 
So...
For me,
propmpted by Spirit to see & investigate how & why KJV uses both "love" & "charity" for 'agape', but when describe a more excellent way, it then changes to "charity" as "greatest" of "three"; It became mind blowing to see, in Col 3:14 KJV, "charity" may be put on even above forgiving one another. (in Col 3, of 2 high/higher kinds of above, it's higher than high)
Why?
"Charity thinketh no evil" to punish nor forgive; Aka no other, as still an-other in new commandment to love one an-other. So 
charity thinks no law, to not flaw any (law can flaw all, like a little leaven can leaven the whole), as if charity is pure grace, like the "God of all grace" in 1Peter 5:10KJV is "all grace".
Clarity: Not shared to lessen God is "love", no; Nor to speak against love, no, but only to aware share KJV's "charity" (not a non-profit org still has no profit) is worth investigating.

