---
title: "post 1381"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2018\February\post_1381.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2018
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-12T21:54:11.621202
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Thank God that Christ-ianity is now being re-defined, 
as being about "Christ" (is the end of the law flaw), 
of "THROUGH our Lord Jesus Christ", in "Christ",
we then have peace with God and God given victory...
as 
being "much more" saved than previous Jesus-ianity, 
which Jesus himself noted still had bi-polar insanity, by still be 2Sons having 2voices, as noted in John 5:25-29 KJV, 
- where only one voice (voice of "Son of God") says "live", 
- but the other voice (law "judgment" voice of "Son of man") is heard from "graves", and as calling for 2resurrections: 
of life + of "damnation" = BadEnd of law = both good + evil. 
What then, when still in 2Sons Jesus mode? Then, like John in Revelation 1:1-16, you may still hear a "great voice", "as of a trumpet", of "one like Son of man", from "behind"; And if "turned" to such, it may result in an apocalypse scenario... 
Like POTUS Donald Trump-et says let's be 'great again', 
of great, greater, greatest; Can then result in "great fear" of "great tribulation" of twice fallen Baby-lon the "great". LOL. 
So...
beyond Acts, there is NO more mention of "Son of man", ONLY "Son of God", to thereby only hear "Grace to you, and peace", from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Allegoric Point: Grace is not a grave subject. Eg:
God is not God of the dead, but God of the living.
(allegory point: God is not law = flaw, but grace = truth)
Grace did not come to "destroy", but to "fulfill" with truth, until people stop thinking "evil", which is mirrorly reverse of "live".

