---
title: "post 1972"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2020\June\post_1972.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2020
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T10:32:04.311493
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: ----Apr---i--l------2-9,------2----02-0--
---

## Content

God? NT clarifiers help know which "God" to be reconciled unto:
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Luke 2:14 "God in the highest" (of high, higher, highest), differs from OT most "high" & Majesty on "high" in Hebrews 1.
Luke 
20:38 "he is not a God of the dead, but of the living: for all live unto him" (possible allegory: he's not Law, but Grace).
John 4:24 "God is a Spirit" (perhaps not a "Ghost" of Ghost/Spirit Comforters contrasted in Jn 14-16 KJV).
John 17:2-4 "the only true God" (perhaps of false/true Gods?), sent Jesus Christ (aka grace & truth) to do a work: give eternal life, which he finished doing before the cross. 
Romans 1:7 "Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father"
Romans 16:27 To "God only wise", be glory through Jesus→Christ for ever. Amen. 
1Cor 14:33 "God is not (author) of confusion, but of peace".
2Cor 1:3 "God of all comfort" (aka no discomfort at all)
2Cor 9:8 "God is able to make all grace (aka no law at all) abound toward you", so even ye of ye/you have sufficiency. 
2Cor 5:19 "that God" was in Christ reconciling the world
Tiitus 1:2 eternal life, which "God, that cannot lie", promised
James 1:5 "God that giveth to all liberally, and upbraideth not"
1Pet 5:10 "God of all grace" (aka no law, nor law/grace duality)
1 John 1:5 "that God is light", and in him no darkness at all 
Jude 1:25 "the only wise God our Saviour",
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.

