---
title: "post 1023"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2017\January\post_1023.md"
---
---
circa_date: January 2017
comments: 10
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T18:49:00.066432
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Let's Discuss differences of Jesus & Christ modes to Reason Why there's a dozen NT mentions of "THROUGH (our Lord) Jesus→Christ":
- Jesus was twain: Son of man + Son of God. Christ is only one: Son of God; So beyond Acts, when it's then Paul's "gospel of Christ" (Romans→Philemon), no more mention of Son of man. For Eph 2:15 notes he abolished the law, of (law/grace) commandments, to make in himself of twain, one new man, so making 
peace.
- Jesus was called "Master, master": Lk 8:24, which is "two" many masters: Mt 6:24 & Lk 16:13; So Mt 23:8,10 clarified only "one" is your "Master": "Christ". It reasons why Jesus replied why call me good, when called Good Master; For he was still teaching how law is both good and evil, so law doesn't have a good end, but God does. If we look at Jesus' law twains, in Mt 12:30-37, they all end badly.
- Jesus said, twice, he'd neither "send" nor "give" peace on earth: Mt 10:34 & Lk 12:51; So Jn 7:43 notes there was division (not peace) among the people because of him; And in Lk 2:11-14 the heralding about "on earth peace" was about "Christ". So Rom 5:1 notes we have peace with God THROUGH our Lord Jesus→Christ.
- Jesus was only called Saviour of Israel: Acts 5:31; 13:23. Christ is called Saviour of the world: Jn 4:42; 1Jn 4:14. So Jn 3:17 notes save the world is "through him" & Jn 20:31 notes "through his name" & Rom 1:8-1Pet 4:11 notes "through (our Lord) Jesus→Christ".
- Jesus was made of a woman, made under the law: Gal 4:4. In contrast Christ is the end of the law: Rom 10:4; Eph 2:15. It reasons why Mt 1's singular "generation"('genesis', not 'genea') of JC doesn't begin with Adam nor end with Jesus, but begins with Abraham (to whom Seed promise given) and goes on through Jesus UNTO Christ (is the Seed, not seeds, promised: Gal 3:16).
- Jesus noted, in Lk 13:32, he was not [yet] perfected, but also said he would be; Which reasons why he said Not Peace before crucified, and Peace after crucified.
Such is not said to diminish Jesus of our Lord Jesus Christ; But to help us see how NT narrative takes us THROUGH J→C to be in Christ mode, where it's then all things new, no more cOLD stuff, like just-ice lastly mentioned in Ezekiel.

