---
title: "post 1655"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\February\post_1655.md"
---
---
circa_date: February 2019
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-12T23:20:51.343027
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Spirit helped me learn the "new covenant" of LORD's prophets is not the "new testament" of God's Christ. Let's investigate.
Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
HOLY BIBLE contains Old & New "Testaments". A "new covenant" in Jeremiah 31:31 is not the "New Testament", even though it's also mentioned twice in Heb 8:8 & 12:24.
Clarity: post is not to speak against "new covenant" believers, but edify & exhort all above both of "two covenants", which are allegory like children vs children, neither yet man-kind. 
A "new covenant" was of OT "LORD" in "law and prophets". A "new testament" of "our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ" is about deliverance from all such OT law & prophets stuff. Yet...
Six times modern bibles change "new testament" to "new covenant" in Mt 26:28, Mk 14:24, Lk 22:20, 1Cor 11:25, 2Cor 3:6, Heb 9:15. This word change from testament to covenant confuses. God is not [the author] of confusion, but of peace.
Heb 1:2 notes God hasn't spoken to "us" in time past←BC nor by OT prophets, but in last days by "Son", who said in John 10:8 all that ever came before me are thieves.
It may help LORD (Yahovah) believers to notice these things:
- LORD (Yahovah) & God (Elohyim) differ in Gen 6 - 8.
- LORD says in Jer 23:39 I will forget you & forsake you.
- day of the LORD is darkness, not light: Amos 5:18; So JC said in Lk 11:35 take heed the light in thee be not darkness 
A new covenant of OT "LORD" has 2 houses: Israel & Juda; But the "household" of "God" is 1 house. Twain is not one.
A new covenant still put's OT "laws" (not grace) of OT LORD in plural hearts & minds of Israel. NT  = Grace to you, and thereby peace, from God our Father, and Lord Jesus Christ.
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus Christ" [be/is] with you all. Amen.

