---
title: "post 3264"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\March\post_3264.md"
---
---
circa_date: March 2024
comments: 1
shares: 1
scraped: 2025-11-13T20:49:14.971948
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: M---a----rc---h---1--------2-----,20--2-4
---

## Content

Paul's gospel of "Christ" is 
"THROUGH our Lord Jesus→Christ", 
then also "THROUGH Christ to God-ward".
WHY?
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord. 
Let's Notice Paul's unashamed gospel of "Christ" is 
first "THROUGH our Lord Jesus→Christ", 
then also "THROUGH Christ to God-ward". 
Why? 
Here's some reasons:
- in "Jesus" mode (first made under the law: Gal 4:4) it was still Nay to peace & division: Mt 10:34; Lk 12:51; So division because of him: John 7:43. 
But in "Christ" mode, forward THROUGH Jesus→Christ, it's peace: Luke 24; John 20; Ephesians 2:15.
- in   2 Sons Jesus mode: NT Son of God + OT Son of man: John 5:25-29 it was still 2 voices, saying: "live" + "judgment [krisis] also" (allegory grace + law also); Still both good news + bad news also, by still being both Son of God + Son of man; 
But 
in 1 Son Christ mode (Romans→forward) = NO more Son of man, ONLY Son of God, so then only good news (Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus→Christ); 
No more both good news + bad news in 2 Sons Jesus mode.
No more accusation and threats of Son of man to come.
- in Mark 16:14-18 (where still no mention of grace yet: none till LukeWarm Luke 2:40) even a resurrected Jesus of Nazareth still "upbraided" and "damned" after the cross; Until... 
in Mk 16:19 he re-ascended, got received into heaven (higher than the heavens), and sat on right hand of "God" (not still right hand of "Majesty" as in Hebrews 1:3,13; 8:1). 
So then, in Lk 24 & Jn 20 he said "Peace". 
Yet...
Jesus is still both Son of God + Son of man in Matthew to Acts; Not yet ONLY the Son of God in Romans→forward. 
Hmmm
So, in Philippians 2:5-11's "Christ Jesus" & "Jesus Christ" (perhaps allegory as if descended & ascended):
After every "knee" should first bow to highly exalted "Jesus", 
Also every "tongue" should confess "Jesus Christ" (grace & truth) is Lord, to the glory of the Father: Phil 2:10,11.
For in 2Cor 5:17 it's all things new (only) in "Christ" (of through our Lord Jesus→Christ), for then old things have passed.
The "grace" of our Lord "Jesus→Christ" [be/is] with you all. Amen.

