---
title: "post 3365"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2024\June\post_3365.md"
---
---
circa_date: June 2024
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-04T22:58:18.770894
source: v3.4.0
raw_timestamp: June----1-0----,----2------0---2-----4
---

## Content

God is grace "GOOD" [agathos], 
Not law good [kalos] & evil [kakos]. 
God's grace "GOODNESS" [agasothyne] is also not like 
law's conditional goodness [chrestotes] & severity (attached).
Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
When Jesus got called "Good [agathos] Master", he replied why call me good [agathos]? Then CLARIFIED there is none good [agathos] but ONE, that is God (Mt 19:16,17; Mk 10:17,18; Lk 18:18,19). 
Why? 
Jesus, as still law & grace, was still twain, not yet one (all grace).
He also CLARIFIED God is not God of the dead, but God of the living (allegory: not law, but grace): Mt 22:32; Mk 12:27; Lk 20:38.
Paul, in Romans 7 uses both law good [kalos] & grace good [agathos], but CLARIFIED in 7:21 when law good [kalos], then law evil [kakos] still present, and hinders being grace good [agathos].  
Same contrast occurs in Greek for law "goodness" [chrestotes] & grace "goodness" [agathosyne]. 
Although law goodness [chrestotes] in Romans 2:4 is said to lead to repentance (change of mind, from law to grace), but we see in Romans 11:22 this law goodness [chrestotes] is conditional (only "if" you always good), and if not, it also has nasty "severity" attached that will not spare.
So, let's notice 
law goodness [chrestotes] occurs 5x in Rom 2:4 & 11:22;
then grace goodness [agathosyne] occurs 4x afterward.
Grace goodness [agathosyne] 1st occurs in Romans 15:14; 
then as 6th of 9 fruit of Spirit in Galatians 5:22; 
then Ephesians 5:9 as goodness & righteousness & truth; 
then in 2Thessalonians 1:11 as all good pleasure of his goodness.
So, when I hear people say God is good all the time, I say Yes,, but CLARIFY God is grace good [agathos], Not law good & evil like OT LORD Yehovah both saved & destroyed afterward in Jude 1:5.
God our Saviour (does not also destroy after like OT LORD) is called the only wise God in Jude 1:24,25's conclusion:
Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy,
To the only wise God our Saviour, be glory and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.
What are your insights about God being GOOD [agathos]?
The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ be/is with you all. Amen.

