---
title: "post 1832"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2019\October\post_1832.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2019
comments: None
shares: None
scraped: 2025-11-13T00:52:42.211234
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Grace→Mercy→Peace to All. Interesting news & weather now report "worst"←BC scenarios manifest ww in AD, as "worst" only occurs once in Bible, back in Ezekiel 7:24←OT. 
Interesting Ezekiel was called Son of man, and so was Jesus, when still 2 Sons: NT→Son of God & OT←Son of man... until beyond Acts, in Rom→fwd, NO mention of Son of man, ONLY Son of God; As if then Jesus changed, from 2Sons (twain: nice + lastly nasty) to 
1Son (one new man, of twain), so then called the gospel of "Christ", of "through our Lord Jesus→Christ" = end of f-law for all in him.
Seems it was one like "Son of man", but dressed as an OT priest, who John got "turned" bwd to, calling from "behind" him (as if from his own rear end; LOL), in Revelation, to then perceive an apocalypse in AD. 
Seems it was about the day of the LORD[Yehovah] coming as "destruction" (Isaiah 13:6), historically happened in AD70.
Yet, here we are in AD→2019 hearing of "worst" scenarios ww, not only in the bad news, but also in the bad weather, along with "death" tolls. Why?
Seems one reason may be modern bibles remove "Christ" from their end of story, which seems to cause "worst"←BC shit to manifest.
Seems another reason is ppl won't put away OT←LORD[Yehovah] creates darkness (blindness) & evil (reverse of live): Isaiah 45:7, so dark evil concupiscence happens.
Seems another reason is traditional christianity won't put away Son of man Jesus, who threat-end in Lk 17:30-36 if he comes again his day, when "revealed" could be like days of Noah & Lot, where flood & fire "destroyed them all". Interesting how many flash floods, wild fires, etc  are now causing mega fleeing, suffering, & loss, even "death" tolls.
So
could his day "revealed" be that Wicked "revealed" in 2Thessalonians 2:8?
Eg: And then shall that Wicked be "revealed", whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming:
Seems more than a coincidence "worst" floods & wild fires, etc, occur now, AsIf some lastly nasty Son of man has come with "clouds", so not only "they which pierced him", but "all kindreds of earth", shall "wail", and "because of him", as noted in Rev 1:7, with an Amen from John. 
Thank God the KJV story has an end that ends well for you all:The grace (only) of our Lord Jesus→Christ [be/is] with you all. Amen.

