---
title: "post 0946"
type: "post"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\Daniel Miles\Daniel-Miles-Posts-Archive\2016\October\post_0946.md"
---
---
circa_date: October 2016
comments: None
scraped: 2025-11-11T21:44:56.727520
source: v3.5.0
raw_timestamp: Daniel Miles
---

## Content

Three Best Wishes to you all: Grace, Mercy, Peace, from God, our Father, and Jesus Christ our Lord.~1Timothy (the epistle from Laodicea, which the Colossians are told to also read)... 
Hmmm... what's written in 1Timothy, to also notice? 
Here's a few things I noticed, with help of the Spirit:
- an 
upgrade of Paul's "holy kiss" greeting, to include mercy; As if upgrading from two things, to three things, and also changing peace from "the" Lord JC to "our" Lord JC. Eg:
-- From: "Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ". (Romans 1:7)
--- To: "Grace, mercy, [and] peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord". (1Timothy 1:2)
- a beginning of the mention of the phrase: "God our Saviour", which then gets mentioned 6 times from 1Timothy1:1 - Jude1:25, and lastly called "the only wise God our Saviour". Almost seems like an allegoric Saviour upgrade, from Jesus first being Saviour of Israel, and even from Christ being Saviour of the world, to God our Saviour being even much more, as if 3rd of 3 biblical Saviours.
- 1Tim 2:1-3's mention of "good and acceptable" things, and perhaps as if only being 2/3 of 3 in Romans 12:2B: "good, and acceptable, and perfect" will(s) of God to prove. So then, it's why  1Tim 2:4 notes God our Saviour will have even more than all men saved, aka "all men saved (in Christ = Saviour of the world), AND come unto the ('epignosis') knowledge of the truth"... as if it's an upgrade from the 'gnosis' knowledge of the truth we first get in JC. WOW. Didn't notice this, until the Spirit prompted me to look at the Greek, as if to find hidden treasure not yet seen in English mode.

