---
title: "TwoLambs"
type: "study"
original_path: "C:\STORAGE\M\Manifold-Grace\3-RESOURCES(Pantry)\GMP-NOTES\GodShew\TwoLambs.md"
---
    

# Two Lambs: an 'arnion' Lamb & an 'amnos' Lamb

-"Behold the Lamb ('amnos') of God which [_taketh away the sin_](RevelatorySermons1.md) of the world": [John](RevelatorySermons26.md) 1:29 ... Jesus, as Son of God  
- Beware of [another](AnotherLaw.md) Lamb ('arnion'). His [twoedged sword mouth](TwoEdgedSword.md) bites & smites: [Revelation](Revelation5.md) ... Jesus, as Son of man  
Yet even the [sacrifical](Sacrifice.md) Lamb of God is not the [perfect](Perfection.md) [prototype](RevelatorySermons17.md), because it's of God on high. So "be not[highminded](Highminded.md)".  
Lamby Jesus was not yet perfected while casting out devils (devils conscious) or curing ills (ills conscious):[Luke 13:32](GodsheworgExplanation.md#ThirdWay). Even risen Jesus still [upbraided](TwoEdgedSword.md). God upbraideth not. [That God](GodShew2.md) isn't twain, nor even one of twain, but one [above](RevelatorySermons21.md) twain. So Olivet Discourse notes [the end](NoLawNoDeadEnd.md) (telos) to [endure](Charity7.md) unto to be [saved](RevelatorySermons6.md) is not yet if still hearing of [another end](TwainShew2.md#Ends) (sunteleia).  
In the same manner the Lamb of God taketh away sin is not yet if still giving place to another law of another Lamb. In other words [eternal life](EternalLife.md) of [eternal salvation](TwainShew6.md#Salvations) is not yet if still giving place to [destructive](lawphoto.md) [law](Law.md) things that are non eternal.

In the same manner as there's [two sorts of children](TwainShew2.md#Childrens) and one sort is called "the children **of God**", there are also two sorts of _Lamb_s ('arnion' and 'amnos' in the Greek) and one sort is also called "the Lamb **of God**". Yet in the same manner as we are to grow up and [be no more children](GodShew.md#nomorechildren) at all, by putting away [child](Allegory3.md)ish things (laws, cover ups, sides wars) to be [man](TwainShew.md#Blesseds) (grace, mercy, peace) of child/man; We are to also "grow in grace" of law/grace unto the [fulness](GodShew2.md) of the stature of the [perfect](Perfection.md) man Christ (is the end of the law), by put away both Lambs: [Two Sons Jesus](Revelations10.md): Son of God and Son of man. For God did not send his Son to condemn (law) the world, nor to divide the world into law/grace is division, not peace, also [part-iality](TheirPartYourPart.md), not [perfect-ion](Perfection.md); But to save (grace and truth) the world from condemnation and [jeopardy](Consequences.md) of partiality. There is no respect of persons ([partiality](Partiality.md)) with [true God](FalseGod.md) and Son, hence no [threat-end](Law.md) nor any jeopardy of partiality.  
  
For even grace of [divided law/grace](ContraryThings.md) is still [division](Division.md) and not [peace](GMP/Notes/GodShew/Peace.md), but Christ who abolished the law of law/grace is our peace and not divided. So One Son _Christ_ is the [perfect prototype](RevelatorySermons17.md), not Lamby _Jesus_. Lamby _Jesus_ is Two Sons, and one of twain is not of God. So [reconciling the world](Reconciliation.md) to God is done _in Christ_ (peace), not in Jesus (division). For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace; And peace with God is "[through](through.md) Jesus > Christ", "in Christ" thereof. For in Christ (the end of the law) there's no law: no sin: no sting; But in Lamby Jesus there's law: sin: deadly sting thereof.  **Christ:** is the end of the law sitteth [above](RevelatorySermons21.md) the sides war, and is neither of two sorts of Lamb ... **Peace, not divided**   Son of man: Lamb (arnion) not of God: **Jesus vs Jesus**: Son of God: Lamb (amnos) of God ... **Division, not peace**    **God is not twain** (division), **nor even one of twain** ([partiality](Partiality.md)), **but one above twain**.   
    God is one, but a mediator (the man [Christ Jesus](ChristJesus.md)) is not of one (not of God): [Galatians](Revelations7.md#23).   
    Selah (read it again till you get it: [enLIGHTend](RevelatorySermons19.md)).  
  
Lamby Jesus plays both [parts](TheirPartYourPart.md) of  law vs grace = division (not peace) as the head of children vs children, one of which is "of God", but it's of a plural divided God on [high](Highminded.md) has plural divided sons (lambs), hands, servants, priests, children, etc. So we are thrice told by Paul to "mind not high things" and "be not highminded" x2. While this God is the living God it's a fearful thing to fall from perfect Love: the God of the living: pure Grace: above into the "hands" of the living God. For even when grace + law is made grace or law, what's first and second gets reversed, changes from "he said" to "said he". So it is not a compliment to be called "children of God", since God said let us make man of children/man. In the same  manner it's not a compliment to be called "servants of righteousness", since servants (slaves, prophets) are not free, and a servant is a know not who knows not what his master doeth. So also with the "Lamb of God", we should be aware "taketh away" (airo) the sin of the world is not the same as he "taketh away" (anerio) the first to establish the second. Furthermore Lamby Jesus upbraids, whether unrisen or risen; But God upbraideth not (neither bites nor smites).  
  
Christ (as Son of higher God isn't plural, divided, or partia) is the head of every man. [Born again](BornAgain.md) notably happens to a man; And Christ is "Saviour of the world" x2. So let's first distinguish between two Lambs Jesus, then put away both, as if leaving _division_ of [swordy](TwoEdgedSword.md) Two Sons Jesus for _peace_ of One Son Christ is above having sides wars for the [hell](lawphoto.md) of it. For all sides wars have side effects to both sides, whether law vs law or law vs grace. In the case of law vs law, it's as if loser vs loser: divided against itself: falls to desolation. In the case of law vs grace, even the grace part is still division and not peace, partial, at war, enemy conscious, and stands or sits over against, but if standing it's stand in jeopardy every hour, and if sitting it's as sitting on top of a grave yard having discourse about a grave subject: law. Pure Grace, above the sides wars, is not divided, not partial, not at war, not enemy conscious, and not against anyone. Rather pure Grace above is with you all. 

**The GRACE of our Lord Jesus Christ [be/is] WITH YOU ALL. AMEN.**